[Intro]
Uh, uh, uh
Huh, this ain't—
Huh, huh (
Jose the Plug
)
[Verse]
This zagaza I'm rollin' up hit like car fetty
Can't be trusted 'round the hoes, he like R. Kelly
What's on my arm? Presi' and the charm heavy
Five-star telly, the Mason jar smelly
She want some love, like, only if my heart let me
Doggy yellin' for some help, I can't Clark Kent him
He a burger, we gon' hit juice and sell cut
Ghetto angels on my shoulders, totin' Hellpup
Below freezing, how the Mitten hot as hell, bruh?
Lieutenant loser, might as well just hold your L's up
Throw it in the pot and watch it sizzle like Terrell Suggs
Shotter noggin screwed on backwards, all he think is redrum
Damn near threw the towel in, off my tenth puff
She damn near threw the towel in in the first round
Is Militia first place? Is the Earth round?Am I a gold medalist? Like, is dirt brown?
Tell lil' bro to pick the books up and put the Percs down
Feel like Herbo when I'm in the 'Raq, how I swerve 'round
Neph' fifteen on the squares, guess his nerves bad
She keep on askin' for a vacay, pack your Turks bag
Poured a seven in Connecticut, woke up in Germantown
You would think I'm on a diet, how quick I can burn a pound
Respect was never ever given, gotta earn it, clown
If we get the drop, I guarantee we t— around
Touchdown in Nebraska, last trip, my wrist was cuffed
Caught him frontin' in the club, throw it, is you rich or what?
Lil' cuz ain't got no swag, he just fucked the picture up
This lil' bitch ain't got no swag, I done popped out trim for nothin'
Why you noddin', fall asleep? You only poured up a half a deuce
Me and Kosher sellin' out from Canada to Santa Cruz
Tucked in the bus, top bunk with a stack of blues
Quick to fire workers 'less they doin' what they asked to do
SBDSM, I need it in some tattoo ink
Shroomies got me out this galaxy, I'm out on Tatooine
Alright, Beann, punch me in, shit, I had to think
Bitch drank stolen, talkin' 'bout she just had a drink
Life'd really suck if I was you, ha-ha
Life'd really suck if I was you, like, shit, I'm glad I'm me
When I close my eyes, it's only money, money bags I see
Yeah, I love you, lil' ho, but, shit, I love me more
I'ma scrap one v. a hundred 'fore you run me home
Teachers probably thought that I was slow
Teachers probably thought that I was slow, so when I see 'em, up a dummy roll
Moncler puffer coat, the Loubs look like a puffer fish
Another day of cookin' up, that mean another hit
Ain't from this planet, shit, I landed on a mothership
Might be off downers, but you know Militia uppington
Tryna times three it, least, I bet I double it
I might pull a milli' out in cash for the fuck of it
Used to log in Joker's Stash and get to jugglin'
Hollows knocked a chip off his shoulders, we'll humble him
Huh, why you actin' like you pourin' somethin'?
That ain't Stilly, Wock', or the Tris', is it Robitussin?
Think they forgot how I get, I'm finna show 'em somethin'
She was prom queen in high school, now her shoulders pudgy
Under the influence, my A&W over-muddy
I was thinkin' algebra way back in social studies
See him out and mask up like, "Ayy, dog, don't you owe me money?"
How the fuck you thirty, but can't show me twenty?
Man, what the fuck?
How the fuck you thirty, but can't show me twenty?
Man, ha-ha
How the fuck you thirty, but can't show me twenty?