[Intro]
(
Getta Beats
)
Yeah, okay, really know them
Really know some pill flipping, yeah
Really know some pill flipping bow moving
ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Really know some pill flipping bow moving gram slappers
I can show you how to punch a Apple brick, I'm grand master
Lamb platter, crab platter, big mess, no damn manners
Looking like a orchid in my closet, I'm a jack stacker
'Posed to go fifty-five right here but I'm drag racing
'Posed to be in school somewhere but I'm bag chasing
Twelve on the dot at the bank, I don't have patience
The world get weird, wake up and see yo mans hating
350 rеflect, it be basic Yeezys when you stеp
Bitch broke now, high school, was cheating off her test
You don't kill shit, why the fuck you speaking me to death?
I been grinding in my skinny jeans like I BMX
I was grinding young as hell, bitch, I feel like Ryan Sheckler
Told my bitch, "If I catch you cheating, y'all gon' die together"
Stop asking where the fuck I'm at, I'm applying pressure
P90 knock the muscle out you, ain't got time for wrestling
I could be in a boxing ring, won't have time for fighting
Throwing jabs ain't a bright idea, must have time for dying
I don't need to punch [?] I can go and slide Verizon
Bro'll pull up, spray yo house like he firefighting
You ever seen a hunnid five hunnid dollar giffies?
Ain't gon' beat you, knock the beat out you, heart stopper with me
Still chasing M's with the gang who plotted with me
And I'm probably popping giffies if I'm stopping in yo city
Chill, boo, she just an Instagram ho
Punch like I'm Rocky, keep a stick like I'm Rambo
Test tube chains got me freezing, where's my lab coat?
Snap a finger, I can get 'em gone like I'm Thanos
Snap a finger, I can make her hit her knees and suck me up
Never talked to him but he said we cool, that fucked me up
Reaching in my bag? Cut yo hand off, ain't no funny stuff
Ball like varsity, I used to ask coach to bump me up
I'm a playmaker
Steak craver, if it ain't no reader, I'ma pay paper
Lane changing, you ain't make shit, you a wave taker
He got Arenas on but we been did them in "GameBreaker"
Old-ass drip, you need a trip to the mall
He gon' get shot if his fists don't unball
Got her on a leash, dumb bitch, I'm the dog
Got it off the fraud, unc' whipping bricks of dog
Put the, on it, he gon' drop dead or come back
No track in high school, I made lil' bitches run laps
Talking 'bout he got 100K? That's that one cap
Know she heard my song with Cash Kidd, I'm in that one bag
I don't want no house today, where the fuck the Runtz at?
I'ma take a toxic-ass puff, where my lungs at?
This a UFO so the trunk where the front at
Hertz just banned me 'cause I wrecked and bent the hubcap
Play it crazy with yo lil' bitch like, "Where my hug at?"
Don't spend twenty if you can't make that dub back
Bitch asked am I up, does a fucking duck quack?
Ha-ha-ha, yeah, with yo dumbass
Bro'll pull up shooting deep like a demigod
New Year's Eve, might post a picture with a Prezi on
Nephew, you got little green like a leprechaun
Two out ten hoes spin me but the rest gon' slide
Nine out of ten hoes cheating? Nah, that's one too low
Bitch put the coldest head on me, had me stuck and froze
Money or respect, I want both, not just one of those
I'ma make her do whatever for me, she ain't coming home
Shit, or till the lil' bitch cook my breakfast
Could've came big SUV but I took the Lexus
Better not flash that lil' stick, we gon' jugg yo weapon
Ex bitches sick, well they should've just took they blessing