[Intro]
ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
They heard that BabyTron and then they tried to take my style
Wrestle who? Bitch, do I look like A.J. Styles?
The Loubs used to be the Chucks, you couldn't walk a mile
Closed casket, dummy, his mama had to walk the aisle
Still jugging grannies, I'll scam yo fucking auntie
Bro got that shit that turn the fiends into fucking zombies
Balmains on, you ain't crispy off the Abercrombie
Fuck preaching, I'ma pop yo ass, I am not Gandhi
Teacher tried to take the giffies but it didn't happen
Flashing rolls in the hall and I am not capping
Give up that music shit, yo songs is not slapping
Keep a pair of Robins, I know you see the wings flapping
Roscoe Dash with the pieces, I'ma show out
Losing bad? We up twenty, that's a blowout
Bougie nigga, if I scuff the Loubs, they get thrown out
Don't do the drugs, I'ma lose it if I zone out
I'm on fire, you can come and try to put it out
Scam Man, Punch God, bitch, I'm jugging now
Hoes used to laugh, treat 'em like they nothing now
Ain't pull up in the Battle Bus but we jumping out
Would've thought it was trash day, the way we dumped it out
They used to say I'm ass, I'm who they bumping now
Used to be nothing and the hoes know I'm something now
Stack the giffies, ain't no damn way that I'm running out
Who's that flying in the Robins? Oh, that's StanWill
Move a muscle? Bro'll blow you, better stand still
Shot seven out the .40, Glock holding Grant Hill
If the giffies don't get her loose then the bands will
[?] off the Burberry, that's my young bull
Said I won't snatch yo bitch? I got dumb pull
I am not Costco but I keep a bundle
I'm thrusted up so it's fuck being humble
Not at church on Sunday but I'm getting to it
Forgive me, God, I'm in love, the giffies made me do it
I'ma make it to the top, I promise I'ma prove it
Would've thought [?] arm hurt, the way that he shooting
Been thrusted up so I don't know why you hurt
Stay in my bag like I'm looking for my school work
Red bottoms fourteen hundred, dawg, what yo shoes worth?
Flashing three hundred? Man, I spent that on a new shirt
Went from playing AAU to swiping with the giffies
Blue strips in my jeans, I keep a couple fifties
Don't reach 'cause I'm strapped up like pair of Griffies
Take it how you want but we the hottest in the city
Big Kev that's my dawg, I swear that bro official
You cut the fuck off if you ain't beneficial
You is not hard, that tough shit is artificial
You are not a battleship, you cannot dodge this missile
I'll smack the shit out you and that's on Jesus
I'ma throw a zip out the window since you fiending
Yes, I'm thrusted up, the fit just came from Neiman's
I'll pray to God that he shakes off all the demons
Said that I'm broke? Man, what Cookie was you hitting?
He gon' get put on a poster, ain't no Blake Griffin
Oh, you cashed the buffs from Hutch? No the fuck you didn't
Swipe this, punch that, that's how a nigga living