[Intro]
Ayy
(
Reuel, stop playing with these niggas
)
Check, check
Check, check
Check
Check, check, check (Ayy)
[Verse]
Check, woke up, equipped the blicky on me
Yes, bitch took the dick and put a hickey on it
Eating lamb chops up at [?], just threw a billy on her
I'm the type to lay up in yo bushes with a ghillie on me
I got a AR
Wouldn't give a second to me, bitch, yeah, I break hearts
Off the Henny, bitch, I'm balling, I feel like J.R
Bro Deadeye Hall of Fame, you can't guard
Asked hеr what she liked about me, this bitch donе grabbed my dick
Wocky in my Kool-Aid, I'm in store and I'm jamming chips
Playing with my gang? Boy, this shit can get disastrous
Doing 140 on the Lodge, I'm Mister Crash The Whip
Goddamn, this was a rental
You be in the middle, play with me? I leave 'em in the 'spital
Givenchy tee with the, I'm dripping like a candle
Promise it ain't incidental, pull up, let the fifty hit him
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, shout-out scamily
Enterprise, they done fucked around and banned meUberEats, they done fucked around and banned meGoddamn, Walmart done fucked around and banned me
Expedia like, shit, what you think they did?
Think again, if you dummies thinking, we ain't get it in
I got a white boy shooting shit, something like Porziņģis 'em
Fuck the curb, this a Hellcat speeding in
When I cash two Rollies, I'm posing with my wrists up
Oh, yo girlfriend? Boy, you know I got my dick sucked
When it's on the floor, boy, you supposed to pick up
Exotic pop with the Wockhardt, it make me hiccup
How it feel sitting in that blender? One press'll spin you 'round
2012, Billy Trues on, skinny jeans now
Amiri fiend, thinking how I punch these jeans, huh
Off-White plus Heron on, I'm a fiend now
It's crazy you can't stomach what I seen when I was little, man
Got my ex-bitch fired off a lil' scam
Her lil' dirty-ass, man, like I give a damn
Got two beats from yo uncle, threw 'em in the spam
You looking at my fists like bullets don't exist
Big warriors 'round me, on my Chris Mullin shit
I was sitting back thinking ain't no scams that don't exist
You better have that slapper on you if you coming bony, bitch
Getting head with my feet on yo table, drop a sock on it
I'm PJ flying, Wocky in the cockpit
Looking at the opps like, "How y'all dropping if we drop shit?"
Looking at my bitch like, "How you mad at me? She want dick"
Boo, it's all yours unless I'm out in Bali with some models
Shout-out to Revive, bitch, I'm 'Miri sagging, popping bottles
Her little kitty cat get wet when they ask about us
ScrumbleMan Gucci snake stepping, ain't no anacondas
Used to wanna hoop, now I'm shooting scams and coaching plays
How many jacks? How many midrange DeRozan made?
I'm too up now, phone slapping, I'm ignoring "hey"
Bitch, I'm in the deep, they just praying that my snorkel break
I heard they wanna kill me, bitch, I'm too ready
2020, 2020, yeah, bitch, that's two Chevys
130, I got forty on me, bitch, I'm too heavy
Tron for re-election, lil' bitch, I'm dropping two Prezis
This a Fiji Water, I can't drink it out the tap
Yo bitch freaky, boy, the only the thing you freaking is some Blacks
Bro'll line you up like a barber, Tiki for that bag
See the hate in my 'ripherals, I'm reaching for the MAG
I got a little magic, I'll show you some, D.J. Augustin
Gave yo bitch a hunnid UI cards like, "Bring 'em all to me"
You asked how I get my money? Like fraudulently
Asking me a question, you get shot, don't talk to me
Triple S stomping, you get popped, don't walk with me
Off yo set with my 'migos, Cardi B
Sit yo ass on that bench, you can't ball with me
Ayy, hell nah, you can't ball with me, bitch