[Intro]
(Ouu, Filthy)
Woo, ayy, you did yo' thang with this-
Phew, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
I don't want the head if it don't come with spit puddles (I don't)
Take his old-ass inside or I'ma lift uncle
If I'm in Walmart then I'm chip busting
Smoking Boogie out the 'Wood, it came with Cousins (Demarcus)
Huh, the chop loud, I'ma switch muzzles
Rocking out with two drums, I'ma hit something
Gave his ass thirty-two, I'ma Rip something (Rip Hamilton)
Get online with a punch then I ship something (P-punch)
If I ship something, gotta camp around the corner
Oh, your granny sleep? I'ma scam her in the morning (Dummy)
Ray gun on me, I'ma blast on him into orbit
Only hitting tens, I'll crack her if she foreign (I will)
Dick put her on a walker, Summer
Dawg full of shit, he a walking plumber (Ha)
Used to be down, I'ma ball this summer (I will)
Throw me a Visa, I'm a all-time puncher
Brought the handkerchief at Jay Ale's, got me talking proper
Catch me OT with some bosses, prolly talking dollars
Doing fraud in a trench coat and I'm talking awkward
(Haha)
Can this bitch put her head down? Man, she talk for hours (God damn)
Am I a hypebeast for the Yeezy and Supreme?
Can't believe you cuffed girl, she was easiest to me
I'm the Punch God, yes, fraud is as easy as it seems (Punch, punch, punch)
Throw a hook at you? Boy, I'ma leave it to Kareem (Abdul)
In the mall getting drip, had to take a picture (Ha)
Leave that bitch while you can, she won't take you with her (She won't)
Get the face, kick her out and you came to get her (Ha)
Ain't Jay Wheezy with the fraud but I play with wizards (John Wall)
Huh, at the self-scam working magic (Harry Potter)
Oh, the 'Miris got stains? I'ma Purple pants it (Purple pants)
I was in a dark room then the curtains vanished (They did)
"How you get money?", boy, have you heard of scamming? (Huh?)
S-C-A-M, fucking dummy head (Damn)
They put locks on the door but we coming in (We are)
If that one bag open then I'm jumping in
If she play hard to get, slam dunk her friend
What you think, bitch? The thrust forever on (Haha)
What you think, bitch? My trust forever gone (What you think?)
If the piece hit, punch another phone (Punch)
Do three tricks up, another roll
Pieces hitting up in Troy, feel like Polamalu (Ayy)
Oh, you think I'm soft? Boy, I been tryna pop you
To the opps, when I see you, I'ma Molotov you (Burn em')
Send my bitch to a clerk, she a Ronda Rousey
If I catch you out, shoot a movie like my baby Art (Ayy)
Bro chop go "doo-doo-doo", that's a baby shark (Doo-doo-doo)
ShittyBoyz, that's her favorite part (It is)
I was down, now I'm up, boy, I hang with stars (Woo)
I'll put him underneath like a subtitle
I'm a fucking heavyweight, where's my jugg title? (Where the fuck?)
I just wanna say one thing, I love Meijer's
Scat Pack a got wasp, I'll buzz by him
Stop drinking green, Luigi (Haha)
I can't pronounce what I'm eating, linguine (Ayy, ayy)
Hit 'em with a trick, Houdini (Ayy, ayy)
Hit her with the-, she screaming
This bitch a demon with the head, she a hell-raiser
Lil' bro a fleezeball, bet Rell take 'em (Rell fleeze)
Seen dawg out, bet he felt danger
Somewhere happy OT, I ain't felt anger (Cap)
I remember when my heart felt shattered (I do)
Put it back together when I learned the self-scanner (Self- self-scan)
Caution tape on me, oops, that's the belt pattern (Off-white)
If you take some dubs, you gon' take some L's after (You will)
Nah, I'm playing, think I'm undefeated with the scams (Haha)
I'm in South Beach fooling with some Visas in my hand
See an opp, he see Jesus unless it jam
If it's online, of course I'ma punch it, man (I will)
In the Nike tech with the dog shit showing (Nike Tech)
Face card too cold, man, this bitch frozen (Elsa)
Johnny Cage on the chop, it got kick on it (Woo)
And if it's something 'bout the past, you can piss on it