[Verse]
"Whoa, BabyTron, where this energy come from?"
I be—
"Whoa, BabyTron, where this energy—"
"Whoa, Baby—"
"Whoa, BabyTron, where this energy come from?"
I been charged up, use yo' brain, fuckin' dumb dumb
I got some shit in this clip that you would run from
Got a play, told the plug meet me at one some' (I'm on my way)
Apple worker on the road, I got five phones
I got some shit that make 'em jump like it's Sky Zone
Bitch seen the long sleeve, left her ass mind blown
On the road for three days, I'm in a different time zone
Throwing jabs? You get popped, this ain't SummerSlam
Code talkin' with the plug, you wouldn't understand
Lil' bitch dumb as hell, she fucked another ham
One day the ShittyBoyz gon' be rockin' Summer Jam
Push a button, you get cooked like a microwave
RIP lil' Chris, he made me feel some type of way (Chris)
Speaking down on bro? Now you got a price to pay
If I catch his ass then God has a life to save
Oh, you crispy off the fake Trues and fake Loubs?
On the 'Gram flashing fake buffs and fake blues
And yo ear turning green off the fake screws
Oh, you kill now? Let me guess, you made the fake news
Face card on fire, grab the cheese out of Meijer's
Robin jeans all week, who the fuck is flyer?
Get the ass from her then I'm spinning like a dryer
I'm the boss, lil' bitch, they come to me to get higher
Thrusted everyday, I ain't have to go to prom
Dukes raised a real one, shout-out to my moms
Ran it up in Cleveland, feeling like LeBron
Getting sunny outside so I had to punch a dime
Slip on my sauce? You gon' fall and break yo neck
Yo bitch broke her neck too off the heavy check
If you catch me in the whip, I'm cooling in a Nike tech
Balmain sagging, seventh grade, I used to rock the Mets
Good orders, grab the package off the porch
Dude was talking loose and then he got his ass scorched
Fi-Fi-Fire BINs, bitch, I'm something like the Human Torch
Skinny nigga so I'ma let the bullets do the horse
Asking for a punch? You get punched in yo' shit
Bro blowing heads if he jumps in the mix
Red bottoms on, I had stunt in the kicks
Juggin' shit, man, I made a bunch off the list
Skywalkin' so I'm feeling like I'm Anakin
Fucked up Saks, could've cashed a fuckin' mannequin
Ham sent his last money, probably got him panickin'
Play my role, get the neck then a nigga vanishin'
We the reason they got warnings on the touch pad
Waste management, I'm probably where the dumps at
Margielas on, zip me up like a lunch pack
Hollows hit like Ed Reed, just step the fuck back
Check the forecast, it's supposed to rain giffies
Baby, I'm on the road, you know I stay busy
The Devil in my ear, he said he'll help me make fifty
I just pray to God every night that he stays with me
It ain't shit to pick you off like you Manziel
How you real but wasn't there when yo' mans fell?
Decline what? My pieces hit like Chuck Liddell
Oh, you swipe that? It really doesn't ring a bell
You're a rookie, you got zero like you Jayson Tatum
Runners on and you know Balenciaga made 'em
Dee had the hoes choosin', that's probably why they hate him
Got a Drac' with the Clippers, I'll send bro to fade him
On everything I love, you not touchin' me
How you gon' slide when yo' tank touchin' E?
Oh, I'm broke? You must be trippin' off the Russian Cream
ShittyBoyz, real boys, you know that's the fuckin' team