[Intro]
The GOAT is back, bitch
I know y'all been waiting on this shit
[?] I swear I do
What up, Stan? Turn me up, man
Bitch
Huh, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Body bag who? Nigga, you ain't seen a K
Talk shit on the mic, feel like Stephen A
Might blow dawg, depends what the demons say
Creeped up on cuz and I seen his spirit creep away
Fucked yo bitch, made yo lil' heart crumble
Bitch bougie so I had to swipe the mink bundles
Punch hit for two more just off the frontal
Neph' asking how to swipe, you can call me "uncle"
Big unc', you can call me "Uncle Scamuel"
Untouchable, man, go and ask my animals
You don't swipe shit, man, your pieces aren't compatible
BabyTron, bitch, make sure the T is capital
Fuck yo boyfriend, I'm tryna get my balls sucked
Ooh, this bitch a freak, she finna get her walls touched
Skywalk laughing, I just fucked the mall up
I grabbed the plastics, it was time to give the ball up
Undertaker 'cause I slammed dawg in a casket
Big [?] on me, finna shoot him like a basket
Itch my neck, I'm a muh'fucking scam addict
Harry Potter with this ID, watch me work my magic
Married to the Visas, that's my muh'fucking status
Since you swiping now, let me see that fucking balance
Granny said, "Keep rapping," she could see the talent
Asking for a three? Bitch, do I look like Ray Allen?
I'm the one getting off in the Ethikas
Dumbass sent the cheese, shout-out to Jessica
Red bottoms on, dawg stepping in some replicas
Being on my good side, neph', you bet not mess it up
Walking into Union calling for a fraud alert
This bitch in love, too bad that I'm dogging her
Bitch out of line talking loose then I'm jawing her
Give up that bitch, man, why you always hogging her?
Me and [?], can you make a wish?
Dennis Rod' with this hustle, pussy, ain't no faking it
Oh, you a virgin? Well, that V card, I'm taking it
Bend it over, bitch, 'cause that ass, you ain't shaking it
BabyTron, you know they call me "Mister Oowee"
Balling hard as hell, Nick Young in the Drew league
BabyTron against you? Dummy, she gon' choose me
Putting up a trade against us? You gon' lose three
Oh, you throwing hands? It's time to call Clayvon
Zipped up the black BAPE, feeling like I'm Trayvon
Oh, you talking loose? You'll see a TEC like you Draymond
Broke-ass boy, you bend buffs off the fake dime
Spitting game off the Percs, bitch tooted up
Bro got that shit that make yo auntie wanna shoot it up
Six hoes on us all loose, it's only two of us
Scooping eight from Jay, now I'm really zooted up
Did some dirt in the Forces and they still white
Seen my pastor at church, he said it's still light
Punch shit for free 'cause it's fuck the real price
I know scamming ain't perfect, it just feel right
I was down to six bucks, that's a PCB
But now I ball something like that nigga CP3
Up a new roll, we're sick of that TBT
Buy my granny Beni's, used to be EBT
Score so easy like Steph guarding me
You can't get the sack, that's the left guard in me
Zipped up the BAPE, she can see the shark in me
I'm a dog, all bite, ain't no bark in me
Granny said ask God to kill the dark in me
Iron on my hip, I keep the Tony Stark with me
If you tryna beef with bro, you gon' have to start with me
If you pull up here, I'm ten toes, that's the heart in me (All facts)
Used to be off the Southpole, shirt was stained up
Now it's Bathing Ape, bitch, I done came up
ShittyBoyz charged up, come and drain us
I'm talking shit, run up on me, get yo brain bust
I can up a roll now, shout-out to Wells Fargo
Bitch, I didn't pick you up for nothing, you are not Darko
Balmains on and you working in some Dickey cargos
Oh, you want a six? Let me call bro [?]
I got a smart mouth so I'ma probably piss you off
Lil' bitch want me back, I guess she missed the sauce
You ain't seen a dub so I'ma call you "Mister Loss"
You can catch me in the nearest [?] getting off
I know how you play it, baby, you are not slick
She got another nigga but I got another bitch
She snatched a nigga soul 'cause she know I got the gift
Jamal Crawford with this clip, make his body shift
Ham said that my jugg page is clickbait (It is)
Swipe you what? Hold up, bitch, wait
Ruth Chris fetish, bitch, I want a big steak
At [?], bitch, I'm finna punch six shakes
Yo boys barely getting by like an AC
I got the lobster from SpongeBob in this gang leaf (Larry)
Opps can't keep up, I told 'em up the game speed
Me, Stan, and Dee in the booth, that's the main three
My pieces aren't fire? You sound fucking dumb
She picked me up first, I'm not Ayton and from the Suns
I talk shit 'cause I came from a fucking crumb
BabyTron, jaw dropper, bitch, this that fucking one (Bitch)