[
Intro
]
(Helluva made this beat, baby)
Whew, whewWhew, whew, whew
Ayy
Me and Stan just fucked up
AT&T
Ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Me and Stan just fucked up AT&T (Woo)
Splash Bros with it, we just made three a piece (Splash)
Send his spirit to the air like a BNB (Brrt, pow)
And if the head right, I'll put her in some D&G
Bitch saw me one time and was on balls
Fuck a
DC
,
do I look like John Wall? (Huh?)
I'm finna up this one shit, that's beyond y’all
She know I'm the man, answering if Tron call
(
Brrt
)
Walked through the rain, now my fits wet as hell (Wet)Amiri jeans, Triple S's, bitch, can't you tell? (Can't you?)
I'm the G-O-A-T, bitch, can’t you spell? (Can't you?)
A hundred dollars for a gram, bitch, can't you smell? (Runtz)
Tryna fuck but the bitch wanna cuddle first (Ha)
Put it on Jesus I'ma ball, Shuttlesworth (Woo)
Goated on Saks, think I'm finna punch another shirt
Swear to God, what I been through would make your stomach hurt
If you made ten bucks every time you dick suckedHa, I ain't gon' lie, you would've been up (Bitch)
But you broke and you dirty, get your check up
I Liu Kang that bitch out the whip, pick your bitch up
Big chop, bro gon' fuck around and eat you with it (Brrt, pow)
I could bust you with this Glock, I'd rather beat you with it (Pistol whip)
Heart dark, I don't got a ounce of peaceful in it
Bitch, you really suck, me and you cannot be equal with it
I took that L, picked it up and turned it to a dub (Woo)
I made a plan, put in work, and turned into the plug (Woo)
I got bitches in the mall asking for a hug
I'ma punch you dead in your shit asking for a slug
Told dukes, "I'ma pop, can't you see, ma?" (Huh?)
Been the winning side, boy, fuck a team hop
Please stop, I touch chicken like a Wingstop
Bro an Angry Bird, he get busy with that slingshot (Brrt, bow, bow, bow)
Haha, BabyTron, bitch, I'm bound to blow (I am)She was just on my dick, now it's down her throat (Eater)
Do the bear crawl if it's cheese on the floorI ain't falling off 'less I see a bag down below
But if it's in the air (Huh?), I'ma jump up (Fyoo)
Who broke? Boy, you sound like a dumb fuck
Ain't no uppercuts when I say I'm 'bout to punch up
Had a better season than Giannis, got my bucks up