[Intro]
I can spot a "U," if the shoe fits, wear it
Four five off the hunnids, I'm a blue strip bearer
Four five off the hunnids, I'm a blue strip bearer
Five- five off the hunnids, I'm a blue strip bearer
Take the two-six, air it, I ain't blueprint sharing
Got a new bitch staring, old money in the stash
Had so m-
(
ShittyBoyz
)
[Verse]
Buffed up like a jock, geeked up like a nerd
Buffed up like a jock, geeked up like a nerd
Buffed up like a jock, geeked up like a nerd
Bitch, I'm fly like a bird, I'm the shit likе a turd
Evidence in the stash casе them boys try to search
Fiends on the block off white, something like my shirt
Wake up, bite a Perc', what can I say? My life berserk
Hell yeah, I'm living great, you can't find a "I" in hurt
Shit, but I can spot a "U," if the shoe fits, wear it
Four five off the hunnids, I'm a blue strip bearer
Take the two-six, air it, I ain't blueprint sharing
Got a new bitch staring, old money in the stash
Had so much commissary, had my bunky on a tab
Got a monkey on my back, off the muddy, miss the Act'
On the wild side of things, in Kentucky in a 'Cat
Spinning back, toting strap with some money on my lap
'Bows funky than a bitch, it get musty in the trap
On the road, place a bet, you'd be lucky if I crap
Pape' got me feeling groovy, I might Dougie to the racks
Free my unky, when he back, gon' have druggies spending stacks
Like WWF, we'll leave him bloody with a bat
Teaching lessons every time, you can study when I rap
If I'm on the 6, it's with MJ and Fordi
If I'm on the 7, it's with Rich P and [?]
You ain't take them long gyro walks with me, Dee, and Jeff
You know Big Kev, Draymond been think he Steph'
Tryna win? Maybe next time
On the block shooting shit, I'ma stretch five
Fuck a dime, bitch cold, she an XI
Almost made a ten in nine minutes, tryna test time
I'ma call him "Mister Moissanite", all them SIs
I'll meet you in the yard but you the type to check blinds
You a pussy, jit
Talking 'bout top shelf? You got Boogie lit
Would've thought I just slayed the beast, Marni hoodie ripped (Woo)
I been rolling so much, I pouring so much
Tryna cope with so much, I don't show it so much
If I go, I go nuts, if I show, I show up
From the floor, it's toe up when we walk in
I got six after six, we can talk BINs
Boy, I've been on some shit, we can talk wins (Where?)
We some hard hitters and you got a soft chin
You would think that I'm a pet trainer how my dogs spin
Down in [?] street, smoking crawfish
Looking at the haters like, "I called it" (I did)
You know the rules, shit, I crawled 'fore I walked it (You kno-)
You know the rules, shit, I crawled 'fore I walked it
You know the- You know the- You know the rules, shit, I crawled 'fore I walked it (You know it)
You know the rules, shit, we hawked 'fore they chalked him (You know it)
You know the rules, better walk how you talking
You can't get your bitch back, she was bought from an auction
Put them bands on his head, I did dawg like Ty Lawson
Never dripped, not once, fuck is you, anti-saucing?
Life a motherfucking movie, thinking, "Why can't I pause it?" (Man, that shit crazy)
Man, fuck it, guess that I'll grab some popcorn
You was at the finish line, what you stopped for? (Why?)
Hunnid reps with the Drac', got the chop' sore (Brr)
Fuck beefing, pussy, meet me on the top floor