[Intro]
(Nyah)
This ain't no fire drill, this a tornado drill (Ah, brrt)
When we spin, you better take cover, you know? Drop low
(You won't leave him a clue? Please, for my man Taz)
This is not a fire drill, no, this— huh (Ayy, ah)
[Verse 1]
This is not a fire drill, nah, here comes the tornado
It's catastrophic when we spin around, we give out halo
We slidin' with some Dracos
,
like Drego, better lay low
We campin' out on Gratiot at the factory for FaygosI need a case of pop, I just got a case of Wock'
Watchin' cameras in the spot, you won't see a cable box
Like a cheetah, all these spots, close the door, we flamin' hot
Used to shop at Savе A Lot, now I eat steak with eights of drop
Hеard you wanna hang with opps, Zion how I bang the block
You the type to save the clock, I see it's runnin', take the shot
Gettin' face, she sayin' ah, she ask a question, I say nah
They say some bullshit, I say ha, they ask what I want, I say 'za
Where the plug? Where the plug? Where the drugs? Where the drugs?
Where's the blood? Tryna sip on somethin', you'd think I'm Dracula
And doggy bone a burger, flippin' sides without a spatula
My shoes got the lowercase C's, jeans, they Kapital
Product of a farm, billy goat my inner animal
Militia, yeah, we tactical, pull up in a tank or somethin
'
You would think the G-lock B.B Simon, we'll spank in somethin'
Before I ever made me somethin', all I knew was take me somethin'
Bro'll roll up on your block with wood, tryna go face him somethin'?
RM cost a quarter-milli', you would think the face was flooded
You would think that Face was with us, water on our neck
Shit, I'm thankful, made it to the age where ballers turn to vets
I need money, I need money, I won't talk, like, cut the check
They say, "How high?" Like Redman, at Harvard this semester
Unky playin' with the girl, they might just charge him with molestin'
Them ain't oil stains, my cuddy took some carfetty and pressed it
Risked it all to save some hoes like, oh, he Clark Kent? That's impressive
Weight up on my shoulders, had to lift it, Mark Henry, no wrestlin'