[Intro]
Shit, y'all thought I was done? Man, this shit too easy
Turn me up, Stan
They gon' feel this one
Whew, whew, huh, ShittyBoyz (
No way, Hozay
)
[Verse]
Swiping shit, got the cards, ain't no Yu-Gi-Oh! (Bitch)
I'm known for catching plays, something like I'm Julio
You lay up with a rat,
I'd rather pass like I'm Rubio
Weak-ass raps, oh my God, get out the studio (Oh my God)
I got the sauce, what you need? Come and get a method (Come and get it)
Re-rock the ham twice, I bet that nigga learned his lesson (I bet he did)
I pray to God every night, the Devil in my presence
Never forget what I got, I'll always count the blessings (Huh?)
Better duck when I'm out, I'm on tip tonight (I am)
Oh, you Superman? This clip holding kryptonite (Brrt-boom)
Ham dumb as fuck, he really thought I shipped his Mike's
I'm the one Loub' walking, got the ones with the spikes (1400)
J.J. Watt on the field, I just want the sack
Donovan Mitchell, that's a .45 to yo' back
I was running up a check (I was), y'all was running track
Turn around with the bag, I done brought it back (Huh?)
I don't smoke weed (Nope), I don't pop pills (Hell nah)
I don't drink lean (No), I just want mill's (Yes)
You don't want smoke (Bitch), get yo' top peeled
Big B's on my feet, I don't hoop for Chino Hills (Big B's)
They can't fuck with me, that's why I talk my shit (Huh?)
Pick a card, any card, I bet you that it hit (Them hits)
Walk in the store, flash the roll, and then I take a pic (Bitch)
The hoes choosing on the 'Gram, got they nigga sick (They choosing)
Play with lil' bro Kamari, I'ma get you gone
Look at Medusa on my shirt, you gon' turn to stone
Came back with that shit, come and cop a phone
Team full of shooters so they tryna put us in a zone (They are)
The roll got me limping, I ain't pull my hamstring (Hell nah)
You talking all this money, I ain't seen a damn thing (I haven't)
LeBron James at the Union, I'm the Scam King
I don't box but I bet the cheese that my man swing (Bitch)
Yo boyfriend is broke, don't believe the hype (He broke)
He hit a nigga DMs asking how to swipe (Huh, lame)
Stop fucking with that lame, I'll change yo' life
Don't come to me talking cash if you rocking Flights (What?)
Buffs fool as hell, you got 'em off of Amazon (Bitch)
Good buffs, iced 'em up like a Cinnabon (Icey ice)
Walk in the store, "Oh my God, girl, that's BabyTron"
Had to fill the tank, used the piece at The Marathon (Bing)
We gon' blow, might as well hop on the bandwagon (Bitch)
Good roll and the giffies got my pants sagging
Since you wanna fight, punch this Glock, I am not jabbing
You can get hit with this stick, this is not Madden
Yo' piece did not go through, that's the confirmation (Bitch)
Talk my shit on this bitch, that's why these niggas hating
Told my mans, "We gon' be up, I promise I'ma make it"
Told the ham, "Don't call the feds, just be patient" (Please)
Turn around so many times that I got dizzy
Jeff got a four in his drink, got his pop fizzy
Lil' freak wanna suck me, told her that a nigga busy
Hit you with that wood, don't make me pull out the Drizzy
Got them numbers on me, something like a stat sheet
Ain't tryna get flicked, I'ma take the backstreets
Ayy, lil' bitch, watch yo' tone when the man speak
You said I'm broke, did you touch a band last week?
Marshawn Lynch with these pieces, I go beast mode
Ran it up in Saks Fifth, they thought I had a cheat code
Take my time punching up like I'm shooting free throws
Gregg Popovich (Woo), the way a nigga keep Pros
You can't fuck with me, when you gonna recognize? (When)
Said that I'm broke? You drunk driving 'cause you out of line
TrDee and Donny Bands, they my fucking guys
Pops asked why I don't talk, the cheese on my mind
Shout-out lil' bro Rell, he's a fleezeball
ShittyBoyz, that's a whole lot of sleezeballs
Burberry tee on, I got it for the free ball
Dropped the top and throw the cash out, watch the sleeves fall (Woo)
God gave you one chance, bet not mess it up (Nope)
Talking shit 'cause I ball? You can't check me up (You can't)
Of course the play went through, Stan set it up
Yo bitch was too easy, one day, she neck me up (Lil' freak)