[Intro]
Your soul is mine
Yeah, turn me up, Stan
ShittyBoyz lieutenant in this bitch, it's BabyTron
What up, Dee? What up, Donny? What up, Kev?
What up, Clay? What up [?] What up [?]
What up [?] What up, James? What up, Robert?
What up, Teejay? What up [?] Man, what up Ju
What up, ISO Jeff?
Ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
God bless the scam, I'll it yell at a pastor
Supreme hit for two hundred, nigga, this ain't Thrasher
[?] season
really turn a nigga into Casper
AmEx is smacked but I'd rather do the Masters
Got a empty-ass heart but my pockets not
Came up off playing cards, this ain't Bakugan
Feeling like a king at the union, I am not LeBron
Walking up on tip? You gon' walk right up to God
These hoes will leave you from behind you when they see you fall
Or go from the stands to the court when they see you balling
His energy was high on the Snap', ain't no need for talking
Twin .40s came an Undertaker, he gon' need a coffin
"Bro, can I get the sauce?", hmm, can you walk on water?
Fucked the bitch and do a spin move, feel like Tiki Barber
Guarantee jaws gon' drop when I do the Charger
Moncler now, came a long way from the start
Running off with the cheese? Dawg got a lot of heart
He should've knew that his finish line was Heaven from the start
Choppa to his ribs and crack the nigga up like Kevin Hart
Just because you in the deep end don't mean you a shark
Never gave a fuck and I probably never will
Coach Tron, if I blow a whistle, bro gon' do the drill
Ain't no Fortnite, when we shooting, ain't no time to heal
Feeling like a wizard with the Visas, call me "Bradley Beal"
ShittyBoyz broke? Boy, try again
Like it was an error with the piece, bro gon' slide again
If you so tough on the 'Gram, why you hiding then?
Good punch, OT, Delta what I'm flying in
Dukes on the phone like, "Boy, did you eat today?"
Of course, ma, I had Beni's for the free today
Me and you aren't the same, boy, this some Bathing Ape
I see you begging in champs for some layaway
Give up rapping, boy, you still ain't got a single
fa
Got this off the jacks, nigga, I ain't touch a single gram
I just walked out with ten giffies off a single jam
Bro got a Drac', the clip longer than a Pringles can
ShittyBoyz broke? I'll smack fire out him
ShittyBoyz with me, man, I can't roll without 'em
So many packages, I can't even count 'em
The opps rock Fucci so it's only right I clown 'em
Good Yeezys on, I ain't get 'em off of Poshmark
Bro'll spot up and bust that bitch like Josh Hart
Comme des Garçons on so you know I got heart
Bro got the buffs, iced him out like a Pop-Tart
What the fuck is beef? I'm focused on the money
Where the bank accounts? I'm focused on the dummies
Pack a punch Glock, turn him to a mummy
She's a lil' freak, she chew me like a gummy