[Intro]
If you lost in the sauce, you better figure out
Yo lil' stupid-ass
Huh, dumbass bitch
(Ayy, Melly, what the fuck is that?)
ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
If you lost in the sauce, you better figure out
Pull up on a bitch, I'm in her walls but I ain't in her house
She ain't sucking dick? David Beckham, I'ma kick her outShe ain't sucking dick? Why she here then? (Why?)
If it ain't the one above, shit, I don't fear man
Sipping Wock' with gang, you drinking beer with yo weird friends
Said that I ain't talking? Well you must ain't got no ears then
Boy, is you deaf?
Think you balling but you playing both sides, boy, is you ref?
Shooter came through hitting everything like, damn, boy, is you Steph?
Remеmber looking in that mirror like, "Shit, boy, is you next?", I'm just playing though (Ha-ha)
Been knеw I had it from the jump, I'm just saying though (For real)
This lil' bitch, she need a Oscar, how she playing roles
Turn piking with my driver, make her pay the tolls
I can't put you on this one shit but I'm 8 and 0
Cuddy got some lines of yellow like he finna paint the road
Was you born in Gotham City? You be- man, you be saving hoes (You be saving hoes)
I could not really relate, I be saving Pros
You ain't part of the Militia then you ain't my bro
You ain't tryna bop it while I whip it then you ain't my ho
Like, bitch, put yo head down (Damn)
Tryna go to sleep, she tryna go a tenth round
Used to be the man, heard he fucking with the help now
Shopping with a sixty on me, damn near tore the shelf down
Back in high school the hoes did my tests for me (Swear)
If you love me, get the new Nike tech for me (Yeah)
What's yo bank? If you love me, drop this check for me
Since you love me, put yo loyalty to test for me
Tour time, I been everywhere
I ain't skip a flight to the top, I took every stair
If he play with us there, he get buried there
On the other side of Greenfield, this ain't Gary wear, ha-ha
This that Hutch work
Punching in the booth but I'll go back to that punch work (Bing)
Where I'm from, when it get like that, better up first
Shit, or you could say yo last words
Doing one what? I don't know, watch the 'Cat burn (Fuck)
I know yo ass tired working nine-to-nine
Four thousand dollar pint with a bitch who's fine as wine
I don't really give a fuck, guess what? The time is mine's
Lil' brodie on the move, won't say a thing, he like a mime
"Protect BabyTron at all costs", shit, that's what the fans say
Hanging off a cliff one handed, wouldn't fall off
Shit, boy, I'm manmade
I don't owe nobody (Not a single soul)
I done did shit that I ain't told nobody (Not a single soul)
Walking past my old hoes, don't know nobody (Lil' slut)
Why you got a stick? Ain't finna blow nobody (Brr, lame)
Why you got a stick? You ain't finna, yeah (Ha-ha)
Three of red, two tens, feeling dead (Like a zomb')
Should be getting active, you will chill instead
When I step with my brothers, we ain't finna build a bed (ShittyBoyz, Dog Shit Militia)Huh, I am not Will Ferrell (Ha)
Why you toting BB guns? Them not real barrels (Lame)
In a dirty game, my hands not real sterile (Dirty)
You was the good kid
It's been up and stuck since the day I found a good BIN