[Intro]
The Butterfly? Uh-uh, that's old
Let me see the Tootsee Roll
Damn, I done fell asleep in the studio and woke up
Thought I went through a time machine or something
This bitch crazy, Reuel (
Reuel, stop playing with these niggas
)
Yeah
Okay, Reuel, yeah, yeah
Ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyzDamn, hold on (ShittyBoyz, ShittyBoyz)Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (ShittyBoyz)
[Verse 1]
Eyes red, I'll flame you up like Shenron
Got every color fit it is, I'm the Tech God
Real life scorer but I'm thinking 'bout the next slide
Scope on this bitch so I think this a headshot
Damn, Turtle Piе, this a head hot
Donate a flatline to him, hе a dead guy
Yo main mans a burger so I'ma call you "French Fry"
Just made ten, still got crust in my left eye
Big Moncler, fuck around and tuck a rocket launcher
Boy plugged in, two shots gon' stop the Charger
You ain't never scored a point, boy, I'm probably not gon' guard you
Bitch like, "When we gon' link?", shit, not tomorrow
Shit, and not today
Made seven then I made six, bitch, I'm Dr. J
OBJ, one hand, I ain't drop the play
My hotheads locked in, make you unlock a safe
If it's busts then I'm there, Tom Brady
Chrome Hearts on, black heart, you cannot break me
Two sticks on me but I promise you cannot play me
I'ma probably shoot both of 'em till the SWAT take me
Hold on, turn around, touchdown, flex
Hold on, bitch, can't fuck, just neck
Fucked up Chase with a fucked up check
If you fuck with gang, you get fucked up next
Off-White trunks, how I jump in wet?
Ran it up chilling, how the fuck I sweat?
Lil' bitch a zombie, she suck my flesh
Bitch, you ain't the only one I text
Slide, slide
Hellcat finna fly
Got big drip like I'm tipped on my side
I don't work shit, shift drift when I drive
Glock pick him up, he get lift, ain't no ride
You down one but the clock buzz, ain't no time
You could be on a skateboard and don't grind
Talk shit on fake page, know you hate yo life
Off-White but the switch on on the AR
Had to switch clothes [?] from my face card
Thinking you fucking with me? You off a laced bar
Thinking you keeping up? You better have a race car
I ate lamb chops in a i8
I ain't finna fight you, I'm a lightweight
Shoot him in the middle of a lie, guess he die fake
Bitch, what am I? Twelve and a half times eightHuh, do the math, that's a hunnid, bitch
Wilt the Stilt
,
walk around with a hunnid clip
You'll have to be a fat guy, tryna stomach this
KFC kit, got a leg or a drum for it
Dub or a L? Shit, it's just life
What's in my cup? Like, shit, it's just Sprite
Scam, swipe, shit, the jugg life
RIP Kimbo, self-scan, hook twice
One of one, make a lil' bitch look at least once
That's fraud shit, I'm up blues, bitch, I'm geeked up
What's that beep? Oh, Stan backed the Jeep up
Double or a triple like y'all gon' have to team up
Bitch, or I'ma drop a light sixty
On something new, been a while since I liked giffies
Fast car, South Beach, life like Vice City
Cut into the bitch like, "Boo, my only type pretty"
Lil' bitch toxic, that head got a antidote
I ain't even catholic, I'll probably scam the pope
If you ain't my girlfriend, I'll scam you, ho
Two things that yo bitch knows is gag and choke