[Intro]
(
Reuel, stop playing with these niggas
)
Ayy, stop playing
Ayy, huh, ayy, huh, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (ShittyBoyz)
In LA, i8 (ShittyBoyz)
Ayy, ayy, ayy (ShittyBoyz)
[Verse]
In LA, i8 with the roof off
Nitro in the spaceship, watch me zoom off
Two hunnid dollar Gucci socks, they get blew off
I'm with gang members, you don't wanna have a shoot off
Sniper rifle, fuck around and hit him from a roof
Turn my Sunkist to the moon only from a deuce
Shooting from the west side, I'm coming from the zoo
Shoe bottoms red, ash white, and my hunnids blue
Come here, bitch, I can show you how a scammer live
Off a Perc' 10, I feel like Thor, I keep a hammer, bitch
Take the tracker off the rim, I be on scaling shit
I [?] plays turn down so I'm in Miami, bitch
I want steak and some eggs, I ain't having grits
For that sack, we'll blitz his ass, John Madden shit
Yo boyfriend a burger, on his Krabby Patty shit
Drop a deuce straight in my Ohana, I ain't ask for Brisk
I want a big-ass P, I ain't ask for zips
This a big-ass .223, we'll blam his shit
Walk in, pull her shit down, she don't ask for dick
Thinking he a star, we'll rock him, on some Patrick shit
Walking out [?] balling like I'm Kaepernick
Unky and unky in the kitchen and they matching bricks
Feeling like Raekeisha, I be acting like a ass and shit
At the self-scan, goddamn, watch me jam this bitch
She suck me straight out of my Adidas pants
Yeezy this, Yeezy that, I'm damn near the Adidas Man
Spanish bitch with me in the 'Cat, hasta la vista, man
201, 101, yeah, I'm the Visa Man
If she in the city and she model, I done probably hit her
Ask what it took to do that shit, shit, probably liquor
Dior collared shirt on, this is not Hilfiger
OG Runtz, straight thrax, boy, it's got a zipper
I'm a shitter, big shitty, that's to be exact
Stan Trackhawking like, what? Where the Beamer at?
Samsung washer and dryer, yo bitch clean my pants
Told bro put the pills down 'cause he tweak off Xans
Now what the fuck I tell you, dummy? You can't see these hands
Lil' bitch lollipopped the dick, I feel like Wheezy, man
Walk into the kitchen, you see snow like I'm Jeezy, man
Put my balls on her face, that's off the [?] man
Off the backboard, that's a lob up to TrDee
Me and Jeff was high as hell when we crashed that CRV
Fear of God on, on the Bible, ain't no fear in me
I'm the Punch God, Punch God, bitch, seriously
2020 whip, camera on and it's HD
You ain't even wash yo ass yet, why you hating me?
BIN fire, site fire, why you think it's AP?
Bro gave him thirty-five, why you think you KD?
Big Guccis on, screaming slatt, I got snake feet
Tummy fucked up, it's full of Wocky and some steak meat
Ham on the phone like, "Can I get my pape' please?"
Bitch, what? You lucky I ain't hit you with a late fee
Yeah, drank exotic pop
Spin God, I'll juke that bitch like a bottle top
White boys crazy, they'll hit you with a Molotov
Just broke as hell in yo feelings, you are not a opp
I been in KY too long, where the border at?
I heard the opps thugging down the street, where they corner at?
5.56, we'll put him on the floor with that
This some straight drop, fuck around and you gon' snore off that
Flip phone ring like an alarm clock
Caught him in a sesh, fuck around and leave his car hot
I'ma do that one [?] dance when the card pop
Rollercoaster Glock, boy, this bitch'll make his heart drop
Yeah, fuck around and break yo bitch heart
I'm too slick with it, I done switched cards
'RT ass in the snow, I had to switch cars
Heavy metal on me, I'll shoot it like a guitar