[Intro]
(
Enrgy made this one
)
Man, you on some bullshit, what type of shit is that?
[Verse]
I advise you to make some pape', but I can't make y'all
Why you revvin' at the light like we can't race, dog?
We ain't boxin', what the fuck I look like, Jake Paul?
Holding your mans hostage, this is not a prank call
Lil' bro ain't even got a job, he bangin' bank logs
Walkin' in the club, the hoes predictin' rainfall
He gon' think he CEO until that chain pawn
Too many moves to shoot, I told her I can't wait long
Ho said she got some feelings for me, I don't feel 'em back
I can tell his Mike Amiris fake, like, let me feel the patch
Sold his life away just for a chain, what type of deal is that?
I can tell his drank ain't from the pharm', what type of—
I can tell his drank ain't from the pharm', what type of seal is that?
He don't practice what he preach, like, shit, what type of real is that?
Dog avoiding contact, like, shit, what type of field is that?
Tryna get a—
The game over, but he tryna get possession, like, what type of steal is that?
Akhi wrapped the whip wrong, like, shit, what type of teal is that?
Man, I said teal, not sky blue, dumbass
Eatin' right in front his brother face, what type of meal is that?
He know he see him starvin', man, what type of shit is that?
Dog ain't even post the whole 'fit, what type of pic' is that?
His shoes must be dirty with his finished ass
Brodie said he can't do no thirty 'less it's split in half
Threw a G6 back, she like, "What type of pill is that?"
Hopped out and then he hit a hat, what type of drill is that?
Heard he fapped a bystander, man, what type of kill is that?
Finna hit this bitch, not Netflix, what type of chill is that?
You out of town with zero hoes, what type of trip is that?
Boy, you out of date from head to toe, what type of drip is that?
His watch moissanite, his chains moissanite, his grill moissanite, what type of kit is that?
Flew past your bitch, she text me like what type of whip is that?
Is you scared to smoke the za? Like, boy, what type of hit is that?
Is you scared to sip some mud? Like, boy, what type of sip is that?
You ain't even get a say, like, damn, what type of blitz is that?
I ain't in your top five, then what type of list is that?
Out here totin' faulty fully, man, what type of switch is that?
Clerk wonderin' why I'm slidin' like, "What type of chip is that?"
No reward if you go take it, like, what type of risk is that?
Actin' like he up with fifty, like, what type of rich is that?
Only made a hundred off a zip, what type of flip is that?
You ain't go in for your rebound, man? What type of miss is that?
You ain't say a single fact, like, what type of diss is that?
You ain't do it for your team, then what type of win is that?
Never AP with that six, I'm like, "What type of BIN is that?"
Never seen him pull a bitch, I'm like, "What type of rizz is that?"
What type of shit is that? What type of shit is that?