[Intro]
(
Ooh, shit, what the fuck, Daniel?
)
Ayy (Nyah,
damn, Donny made this?
)
[Verse 1]
I'm in her walls like a termite
Ayy, I'm doin' fraud on the turnpike
I might pull up sawed-off on a dirt bike
Play with me, I'ma more than likely earn life
Call lil' bro Adidas, he just went and earned his third stripe
Lil' bitch struck out, that's her third strike
Hustle of thuganomics, seen him with the word "Life"
Why the fuck is you goin' to sleep? That's your first Sprite
We ain't stoppin', this a celebration, that's the first pint
You would think the pills had fangs how the Percs bite
Dirty pop, dirty Glo— ah, ah
Dirty pop, dirty Glock, I live the germ life
Brodie hit a hat, lit a— ah, ah
Brodie hit a hat, lit a square, now his nerves right
Every time shit started goin' left, I turned right
Actin' like you be OT, duh, that's your first flight
Actin' like you beat that road up, this your first night
Actin' like you slide 201s, that's your first swipe
Bro, you know that— uh, you dead wrong, huh
Boy, you dead wrong, you know that fuckin' shirt tight
And them jeans little and your shoes big
And your teeth yellow, get some new Timbs
I can hit your bitch off a glance, this some true rizz
Oh, you need some G6? Shit, I thought you knew $kid
Brrt, hit a hat, he need a new lid
All that reachin', doggybone gon' need a new limb
We ain't droppin' fake los, this the true pin
Yellow 15s, M30s like the M den
Damn, I heard he died from an FN
Junkie got them test strips, dodgin' fake yercs
I ain't from planet Earth, I had a fake birth
I'm sick of all these shaky butts with them fake twerks
I know drip, lil' mama, that's a fake skirt
Why I overdo the shrooms? Damn, man, my— ah
My face hurt
He only got five ones on him, call him May 1st
Her drawers should've had a caution sign that said, "May squirt"
I'm trippin', ain't I?
I think I'm trippin', hold on, hold on
If I pop another fuckin' Perc', watch my brain burst
Y'all hoes irk my very last fuckin' brain nerve
Shiny-ass walker, no whip, but you dropped a chain
Why you callin' me a flashy fuck? Half my watches plain
What I got ridin' passenger'd probably drop a plane (Fuck)
I get like Jeff Gordon in that 392
Would bust a move, I'm ridin' 'round with three slimy dudes
Huh, I bet someone catch a B
I forgot this bitch ethnicity, I think it's Lebanese
I'm Megatron, of course the bitch gon' have some Megan knees
They used to root for me, I see it turned to jealousy
Who rolled up a tail 'Wood? I knew that I could smell a fiend
I knew I could smell a seed, I knew I could smell a dweeb
If I wore my kit down there, boy, I bet you'd hella freeze
Cuddy so cold in the trap, could probably sell a fiend
We'll sell the air you breathe, I can sell anything
Don, Don, Don, Don, you be doin' Henny thing
Perc' 10 on my ass, I feel the belly in my beast
I mean the beast in my belly, think it's fetty in the lean
Either your mans fightin' back or it's some fetty in the weed
I'm so motherfuckin' dope, I think it's fetty when I breathe
You gotta be careful, neph', it's some fetty on that bean
When we send him to the doc', it ain't Benny on the scene
Give me the whole fuckin' slice, I mean— hold on
Give me the whole fuckin' block, I ain't petty 'bout no cheese
Huh, why she talkin' 'bout some rings?
Huh, why she talkin' 'bout some marriage?
Huh, why she talkin' 'bout a wedding?
Whole time, it's a guillotine, I'm talkin' a beheading
You'd play SIs, I'ma fuck around, baguette it