[Intro]
(Enrgy made this one)
[Verse 1: BabyTron]
I'm sick I picked this lil' bitch, her friend look better
Yeah, I heard you got some dime hoes, my tens look better
Shit, they perfect, ain't they?
Track' tinted, if they pull us over, they gon' search it, ain't they?
Shit, I know them hoes probably up in the party twerkin', ain't they?
On your roof or in your bushes, shit, them boys lurkin', ain't they?
Mega guns up in the minivan, them boys purgin', ain't they?
If I hop up out the 'vert, these hoes, they gon' slurp it, ain't they?
Used to have to tell 'em step by step
Used to have to tell 'em step by step, shit, they learnin', ain't they?
I ain't seen no proof that they up, them boys hurtin', ain't they?
Your bitch seen us in the mall like, "Damn, them boys splurgin', ain't they?"
Ain't that? Like, shit, aren't we?
We secured alpha and bravo, now we hittin' charlie
It was eaters in the basement, now the gang hittin' Barbies
Huh, these hoes still eaters, though
Time to upgrade your kit, even my pinky finger froze
Iceman, shit, I'm George Gervin with the finger roll
Where the, where the, where the fuck did my two-liter go?
Poured an eight on Eight Mile, woke up lost on Cedar Grove
Bitch just turned eighteen, already sellin' pussy
Spinned last night, his fam and them already sellin' hoodies
Told the Girl Scouts to leave the spot, already sellin' Cookies
Took his Glocky, he thought we was sellin' fullies, sellin' woodies
We got French fluffies in, lil' bitch, we sellin' bullies
Smellin' like some zotty, Action Impact wouldn't sell me bullets
Tell a bitch that I probably wanna fuck if she catch me lookin'
Everybody with me got a belt, come on and catch these whoopings
That's my lil' ho job, you won't catch me cookin'
Unless 12 behind on foot, you won't catch me bookin'
Shit, it's time to mark your calendars and set your clocks
Set a reminder for the shootin' squad to bend your block
You ain't gon' send no shots, you ain't gon' press no opps
If I give your ass the hit list, you ain't gon' check no box
Whip futuristic, doors opened when I said, "Unlock"
Buy a bando, fuck the renovation, we gon' set up shop
Live from the trap, just drivin' by, you'd probably think it's empty
I just copped a four for four, but hell nah, I ain't eatin' Wendy's
On my way to Tide's dry cleaners, drinkin' lean get messy
Soda dark as midnight, you would probably think it's Pepsi
Hard to guard him like he Harden, shooter on the wing a lefty
Dunkin' on these hoes while catchin' plays, shit, I need an ESPY
Told my bitch to grab the switch and shoot it like she Lisa Leslie
Need to chill on jewelry, whole time thinkin' that I need a presi'
What my baby 40 say? I know the lean'll catch me
If I can't rap or scam, then I know the fiends'll bless me
The forecast mostly cloudy, but the kit shinin'
She get everything she want, like, why this lil' bitch whinin'?
Why this lil' bitch lyin'? I don't care that much
Get the drop and air that up, we gon' tear that up
You the type to make a forty ball and swear that's up
You think your team the chosen ones, but I can swear that's us
Your juice plug only had a deuce, but you would swear that's clutchThat ain't enough, that ain't enough, that ain't enough