[Intro]
Chrome Heart pants, but the hoodie Acronym
Ayy (
Don't you know you won the Lotto?
)
[Verse]
Denim Tear jeans, but the hoodie Acronym
It's the Dog $hit Militia, send them bullies after him
Shit, my kit on ice age, guess I'm woolly mammothin'
You was never really school, call you Billy Madison
Had to look up in the mirror like, "Is this really happening?"
Let me hear it's on the floor, I take my blicky, add a switch
Show you something you ain't seen, you think you on an acid trip
Better bring a lab coat, our lifestyle hazardous
Lookin' like Fergie in her prime, this lil' ho, she glamorous
Passionfruit soda, Wocky, watch me gеt passionate
If it's smoke, we cancеrous
I can't be around you broke hoes, learned from my allergist
Me and T-Bone on the 7, we just left Lumpkin lit
If we catch him Halloween, I bet he get his pumpkin split
Your ho in here sucking dick, I ain't even hump the bitch
Boy, why you got a fanny pack? It ain't no gun in it
My stick got a drum in it, hundred-fifty, thumbing it
You a role player at the best, Robert Covington
Double-R and double-R, watch me drop the Cullinan
Shit, the leaf kayakin', where's the lighter?
It's on the floor, time to hit the road, where's the drivers?
Heard doggy got some loose screws, where's the pliers?
Bragging 'bout your plug, whole time we're their suppliers
Never ever been scared of the heat like where's the fire?
Got a whole lotta lotta yeah like where's the buyers?
If you hesitant, it's cool, we got samples, where's the triers?
Heard I still don't scam, like fuck it, where's the Meijers?
Oh, the opps? I'm tryna put a hole in one, where's my iron?
You see everything where I'm at, bears and tigers
From the D down to Chiraq with it
We buy switches outta US and Iraq with it
Got an MCM bag, but ain't got five racks in it
That type of shit be killin' me
Runnin' reds in the rental, I expect them billin' me
Why the fuck is you jeffin' like a kid to me?
Told her, "Leave, 'cause if it's hate, then you won't do that bid for me"
Why the plug bring mids to me? He must not heard the song
I hear the snakes hissin', time to go and search the lawn
Cops thought they had me, whole time, the vert, it's gone
All I had to do was snap a finger
Your trap phone so dry, forgot it had a ringer
Morning time gas station run, I'm blowed, smackin' zingers
Shit, you Ace at the cleaners, I was him when he left
I should've never listened from the moment when he jeffed
Why he laughin' 'bout that L dog took when he next?
I find that shit insane
Good Richard Mille cost two-fifty, I'll just get it plain
.308s, .308s could fuck around and flip a train
Riding low in that old thang, I just chipped the paint
As of lately, he been on BS, it got him slippin' rank
The opps gettin' spanked
With the Militia, think it's time we go and get the tank
You just in the way tryna instigate
Most of the time, I sip an eight just to hit the hay
'Cause it's stuck in my brain, I can't miss a play
'Cause it's stuck in my brain, I can't miss a day
That fake watch he rockin', throw his whole wrist away
The striker ain't even come with one, we ain't even have to switch the plates
Why you peekin' at my dinner plate?
Wasn't with me back then, you can't even get a bit of steak
I see you moved on to your finished days
I see you still still stuck on your finished ways
She been suckin' it for hours, "Is you finished, bae?"
Yeah, sometimes the love keep me goin', but it's the hate
Huh, in Toronto with the Drac'
Going a-a-ape shit, foolin' in my Bape
In that Track-Trackhawk, swoopin' up some pape'
Stomped him out in Travis Scotts and left the swooshes on his face
Vroom, vroom-vroom-vroom, zoomin' to the bank
They ask me who I do it for, I do it for the gang
Cuddy trickshottin' like he Faze, shootin' in the rain
A true genius, your bitch so super with that brain
Free my unky, feds caught him up in an Uber with some 'caine
Glock 40, I'm with a cougar for the day
It's 10:51 in the Lab
I can't tell you what it is, top secret in the stash
Played the lobster with the crab
Played the zaza with the dabs
It was haha, it was laughs
Race over, ain't it funny that them pussies finished last?
You can't tell that I ain't finish class
Should've popped a yerc before I seen her, I just finished fast
Deadline on the floor, you better not come a minute past
Let 'em shoot a shot finally, they won't even hit the glass