[Intro]
Yeah
Thrust season in full effect, bitch
I'm 'bout to talk crazy on this one
This shit easy
Turn that shit up, Stan
RIP Chris
ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Punches hit at the mall, I'm the last to leave
Still in school, need the pieces? Pull up after three
Climbing to the top, I feel the Devil after me
Mastercards in my hand, bitch, I done mastered these
Fit shitty and I got it for the fast and free
Oh, you a fan? Man, I swear you used to laugh at me
Finna hit the road, tell bro to go and grab the keys
[?] go and ask the fiends
ShittyBoyz taking over, bitch, we doing numbers
If my niggas pull up, they are not shooting jumpers
Sleeve Nash flipping cash, man, I'm doing wonders
Two hams on the phone, I call that "Dumb and Dumber"
Bitch had a motormouth, she on hush now
Guess she seen me in my bag, turn around and touchdown
Bitch used to ho me and I guess she got a crush now
Hit yo knees, I'm on thrust mode since I'm up now
Yes, yes, thrust season, it's in full effect
Smacked her with the giffies, nigga, what did you expect?
Already up 3-0, come and get swept
Ran up the check all day and I did not sweat
Tryna add me up? You gon' need a calculator
Jugg, jugg, jugg, I ain't saving shit for later
"BabyTron, can you punch this?", you can't get a favor
Yes, I got the key to the city, I am not a mayor
Get yo hands off my giffies, oh, you off the dog
[?] got the play and then I lost it all
I toss the ball, grab the Visas 'cause it cost a ball
Lil' bitch was choosing, I swear to God she lost her drawers
Used to be a lil' dawg but I had some hard in me
Pray to God for the light 'cause I feel the dark in me
You can't swim, you gon' sink, nigga, got some sharks with me
Ten times out of ten I'ma have the cards with me
Punch God, I'm charged up, now I'm activated
Touch ten off the scams and I ain't even graduated
Kyle Kuzma 'cause when I came in, I was underrated
I love to flex but I swear that they love to hate me
Only thing I'm losing is the count of the blues
At the state border, pray to God I make to through
I'm grinding for the top, only if you really knew
Said that my pieces ain't hitting? Really, dude?
Growing up with some dogs turned me into one
Grinded off a single blue and turned it into some
I want the whole loaf, I ain't really into crumbs
Fucking with that lame? Well I guess that she into bums
Been on the grind so much, ain't got time for sleeping
Talking crazy on the 'Gram? He ain't got time for breathing
On yo ass with no cash? Dawg, you ain't got time for fiending
Bro a hothead, shoot some shit, he don't mind the demons
Yeah, you might be up now but yo time's up
Barber sticks on the strap, come get a line-up
Ran off with the bag then the bullets fuck yo spine up
Yeah, we on our way to the top, we gotta climb up
BabyTron, you probably see me on a turn around
Seen I was Loub' walking made her ass turn around
Y'all niggas' music suck, I'ma just break it down
If you ain't bumping ShittyBoyz then just turn it down
Of course I'll still turn around like a roundabout
Oh, you want some shoes? Baby, what's that mouth about
Hoes yelling ShittyBoyz, that's what the shouting 'bout
You got some quiet-ass pockets with the loudest mouth
Lots of mouth but no action, come and do something
You gotta learn you take some dubs and you lose some
I'm talking shit, I hit the mall and then I ain't lose once
Said that I'm broke? Yeah, you tripping, tie yo shoes up