[Intro]
(
Ayo, Chang, turn that up, boy
)
Yeah, turn it up, Chang
Ayy, ayy
(
Hokatiwi
)
You did yo thing on this bitch, Hokatiwi
I wouldn't lie to you
Ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Huh, metal arm on me, bitch, I'm bionic
I was at the opp block, you won't slide on it
I-94, Hellcat, watch me fly on it
Turned off yo song, you was talking 'bout my life on it
That ain't my dick, it's a Desert Eagle
Punched the kicks, now I step illegal
She can do the good girl act but the head a demon
Hit Lenox Square, spend ten, heavy press in Neiman's
Ma'am, calm down, you gon' have to send ten
Apple Watch with a dub on me, feel like Ben 10
I could be a dime short, wouldn't need yo ten cents
Wouldn't be a dime short, pocket full of dead friends
I'm with Dee, bitch, I know you got some freak friends
Talking 'bout Backpack Boyz but I see stems
Scared of who? Doggy, everybody bleed red
Speaking of that blood, I'm a shark in that deep end
Tryna ride the wave? You better grab a snorkel
I just turned my phone plug to an Apple orchard
Wocky got my cup dark, this ain't Captain Morgan
Vlone Runtz, big breaths gon' attack my organs
Took yo bitch to the mall just to watch me shop
Then it's to the backshots vid', come and watch me pop
Huh, kill me? Yeah, probably not
Red bottoms stomp, now he got a Lil Yachty top
Shoes with the scuff marks, footwork Golden Goose
Can you dunk that bitch if I throw the 'oop?
Airbnb out of town with a ocean view
Took a risk, now my chips up like a poker room
Talk crunch and spice, sauce and tortilla chips
Foreign-ass shoes with the spikes, that's a FIFA kick
I'ma go and hit yo bitch soon as this Visa hit
Talking 'bout some bundles? Bitch, you better a dick
Running 'round throwing bullets, Randall Cunningham
Talking 'bout I'm broke? LOL, we have a funny man
Won't say shit, if it's up, Stan'll bust yo head
Bro said he sick of the cook, grab the Gushers then
One out of one, it ain't two, it ain't three
Told her, "It's the pape', it ain't you, it ain't me"
Why would I pay? I can do it for the free
Bitch called me "bae", almost threw her out the Jeep
2020 with the roar, this a Trackhawk
Whole lot of sticks and ice, we the Blackhawks
Pulled the money counter out, we can have a stack off
Boy, I need five hunnid bucks for the jack sauce
For that money I know people turn to grave diggers
Is you gon' blow the game if you get that game winner?
Young thousandaire, I'ma crank it up to eight figures
I can make a dub pop up, I'm a pape' wizard
Pray to God but I got some demons right on me
In a desert road running, feeling like the Coyote
Twelve Apple jacks, fuck a slice, got a pie on me
She a whole fan, bitch fainted, almost died on me
BAPE shorts, chopstick, in the jungle, man
Ten on me on P-Rock, me and ScrumbleMan
Flash twelve hun' from that check? You a fucking ham
Dre made ten twice, he the Double-Double Man
Came up stealing like Tony Allen
Steak bites? Mm-hmm, throw 'em in my salad
Feel like Kang, up the fire, throw 'em in a casket
I don't wash clothes, have my maid throw 'em in a basket
I done hit any bitch that I done wanted to
Looking at my dubs, damn, man, I want 'em blue
Hit a bitch but her friend? Man, I want her too
Watch yo mouth when you talk to Reese 'cause he wanna shoot
Zazas change how the fuck I breathe a little
Make her put her head down then she eat a little
Got it out the mud, feeling like a cleat a little
Mean-mug when I'm out, I don't speak, for real
Can't keep a bitch 'cause I cheat a little
Ran it up, had to learn to use my feet a little
Talking 'bout "cuz"? Bitch, can you think a little?
Bitch called me "GOAT", got me thinking that I'm sweet, for real