[Intro]
Yeah, turn me up Stan
They about to hear me out on this one
Turn that shit up too K, you did your thing on this one
Ayy, ayy
[Verse]
You ever felt the hate so deep that you felt evil?
My shooter and the Devil they are not two different people
You're the Easton, I'm LeBron we are not equal
And 'ima send you to a place where God greet you
Ex bitch put me through hell now i ball on her
Love from my Dukes she gon' answer if i call on her
Love the Bitcoin like it's my bitch put my all on her
But the scams that's my side bitch i can fall on her
Feel evil see the Devil when i close my eyes
Wish you could trace my steps but you don't wear my size
Came from the trenches but now I'm on the rise
So when i pop with this shit dawg don't be surprised
Can't believe what you hear you gotta see yourself (You got to)
Talking loose it's time to call Jesus for some help
Since you flexing now, smack the Gucci off yo' belt
BabyTron, I'm known for grabbing [?] off the shelf
Ballin' in the big B's i should hoop for JBA
Bitch I ball like doctor J [?]
The plug got love for me he don't make me pay
BabyTron I'm finna blow, watch me pave the way
I'll flick a booger on a bitch for talkin' loose
Ex bitch wan't me back she know I got the juice
Told that freak hit your knees and put that neck to use
Shoes came from Greece so now I'm steppin' like I'm [?]
Ball so hard when I hoop i don't share the ball
And i've been up for so long, man, I'm scared to fall
Y'all some shooters now? ooh, I'm so scared of y'all
Droppin' fits left and right it ain't fair to y'all (ShittyBoyz)
Shits fucked up I got some hate in my heart
Came from no light I was raised in the dark
Margiela six now my toes made in the [?]
You was eating crumbs bitch I ate with the sharks
Came from nothing we was crammed in the single [?]
But now i punch profits off a single slide
God in my right ear the Devil on my other side
Love been left my heart baby i ain't never lied
Grew up hoopin' never thought i'd be a scammer
Bitch used to hoe me, now she choosin' I'm a [?]
Spit on you and your granny I ain't got no manners
Twin babies on me feelin' like I'm Danny Tanner
Green apple clear fruit, bro got a Perc in it
Bitch I got a wave you can't ride watch me surf with it
BAPE shorts hittin' of course I punched the shirt with it
Dawg was on dirt, It's crazy he in the Earth with it
Credit card crackin'? yeah I do that
Neiman's package trackin? time to scoop that
ShittyBoyz captain, but you knew that
Red bottoms it's a whole band where the shoes at, Lil Bitch