[Intro]
Ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz
[Verse]
Telescope on the chop, don't get blast off
Hold on, let me get these jacks off
Point guard, hold on, let me get this pass off
Hot as hell, bro, let me take this mask off
Get a rental then I do an expedition
I'ma go and scoop yo' bitch, you gon' text her tripping
Good 'Agas when I step, these the next edition
I'ma call this bitch a lil' witch 'cause her head was wicked
Talk spice, need a water bottle
Go to sleep knowing that I'm gonna ball tomorrow
I need drip, let's hit the mall tomorrow
I was underdog, I'm what you call a fucking baller now
Hanging with thе opps? You get backhand
I cannot put you hip to this jack scam
In Verizon like, "Can I gеt the Max, ma'am?" (Please?)
Red bottoms with the yellow on 'em like a gas can
King size bed with two hoes, getting tag teamed
Outside where the birds chirp and the grass green
Skrrt-skrrting, see an opp, they get they ass beat
You gon' be the third one dead tryna tax me
What you know about a blue check?
Lift and pull, that's how you get into the pool deck
"How you got wings?", good Marcelo crewneck
Feel like Missy, one shot'll make 'em two step
Huh, ayy, you thought the song was over?
Had to pull that lawnmower out, I don't talk to
cobra
Spikes with the red underneath like I walked in soda
Just made a ten in TX, someone call DeRozan
Bro caught a body untouched, flawless victory
Only on the porch for them jacks, yeah, I'm in the streets
Put that cheese on yo head, now it's chicken beef
I got big shit on me, can't belittle me
You my son, a lil' me
Mike Amiri, boy, these bitches ain't even a little cheap
New Dior sneaks, huh, with the little squeaks
I can turn yo biggest crush into my lil' freak
V12 engine but I still ain't got no fucking muscle
Let the water trail out of Chase, that's a hustle puddle
Got a rocket in my pocket, I can clutch like Russell
Don't punch with knuckles, chopstick, it'll come and hunt you
So many gift cards, it might bust the duffel
AK got banana clip and a Russian muzzle
I'm tryna fuck, I mean hump, not cuddle
Twin sis put they head down, that's some double trouble
Gon' check my phone, confirmation for some clothes
Confirmation for some phones, confrontation? Up a pole
Whole time I'm thinking, "Why they hating on the GOAT?"
Da Vinci cold 'cause he painted on my toes
Almost did my scam dance, this a funky beat
Stan rude as hell, stomp around in them chunky sneaks
You hear that? Fuck the beat
Only nineteen, living life very luxury
2019 Benz coupe with the TV in
You really just ordinary, you just think you different
Heavy on the "Fuck you", middle finger itching
You said you finna what, dude? I'll leave you missing
You a broke-ass bum, I'm sorry, bro
Lil' bitch jumped on the pipe, Super Mario
I been putting stats up, gotta guard me, bro
People talk most 'bout shit that they hardly know
Good BAPE on, am I shark or GOAT?
Two sticks cause fire, I'll start to smoke
Lil' bougie bitch, she won't eat none of that artichoke
Sub-Zero hit me in my shit, how my heart so froze