[Intro: BabyTron]
(
It's a Wayne beat
)
Nyah, nyah, hrr, hrr, alright, look, hey
[Verse 1: BabyTron]
Work jumpin’ out the gym
This a chopper, good for cuttin' off his limbs
New jacks, yeah, they come without the SIM
Shit, it is what it is, we not cousins, we not kin
We not newbies, but we campin' out his crib
Let it flash, this bitch bright like a lamp without a lid
Summertime, they usually stop, I’m tryna stack it off the grid
Slobbin' off the baby bottle, wish my jacket had a bib
Reach for a chain, gon' probably have to fight a bid
All top shelf, you be lightin' mids
I ain't wrestlin', do I look like The Miz?
When this beef shit is up, fuck around and find your kids
You think you gon' make it out of the lion's den?
Thinkin’ you got what it takes? Go ’head and lie again
Thinkin' you gon keep up in the race, go ’head and try again
Boy, that bitch a six, why you trеat her like a ten?
Livе from the Lab, fire in my pants
I ain't bring a dub out, a dime in the bag
Can't control the TRX, I might drive through the grass
If I catch y'all in the hood, we can’t sign you a pass
You can die with the strap, you ain't God, dude
They like, "Tron, why you work so hard?" Shit, I got to
Zotti back around, I had to wait until the crops grew
That tough character you playin', that is not you
Shoutout to the hitman, he just shot the shotters
Shoutout to the jank crew, they just robbed the robbers
Throw a bitch in the deep, but I won't Aqua-Tot her
Why the fuck you tellin' me you broke? Shit, I'm not a sponsor
Glocky with the fully switch shoot like a minigun
Yeah, I love rap, but reminiscin' on them giffy runs
Bitch, stop actin' real, you went and got your titties done
Every time they see me with it, they like, "Give me some"
And that shit crazy
Doggy bone fuckin' on that rat, he might just get rabies
Where will them risks take me?
Will them risks break me? I don't think so
Ice so froze, in the summer, rockin' mink coats
What the fuck? You don't know the G-code? You gotta leave, bro
Grand Wagoneer, if you don't move, I bet I steamroll
If I push a button, they gon' blow like some C4
Came in the league last pick, bet I leave gold