[Intro]
Getta Beats
[Chorus]
Take my middle finger out and throw it in yo face
Or I could take a dub out and throw it in they face
I could FaceTime my ex and throw it in her face
On my waist, it's a blower, you could try yo faith
Switched up back then, you know it's late
Skrrt while I slam on 'em if I know it's pape
I just drew it up and sent him out, I need a coaching break
Turn yo song the fuck off, boy, 'cause we know it's fake
When you great they supposed to hate
Lil' bitch look like Lady Gaga, I'ma poke her face
I'm Tron Cena, see an opp, he getting choked to death
Give a fuck about a bitch, quick to say oh okay
[Verse]
Good purple jeans with the rips and the stains
Play with me? We gon' put "RIP" in front his name
You gon' act tough till we rip you out yo frames
Bitch knocked the Wocky out my hand, spilled it on my frames
You can make
[?]
made a
[?]
made my bed this morning
My bitch like Mulan, ain't no Jays, boy, she stepping foreign
Play with yo time, it's too late, we got heavy torches
All that dick sucking, boy, I got a lil' question for you
What you up? What you make today?
Yelling RIP Kobe, give him eight while I fade away
Like a short-ass shift, boy, I can't take a break
All gas, man, I hate to brake
Take my middle finger out and, man, let me chill
Talking 'bout bro won't catch a body but I bet he will
Dress, talk and act like me, you my neph' for real
How the fuck this lil' dumb bitch lil' head got skill?
Yeah, bitch, we step for real
Big stepper through this lil' fuck, you get stretched for real
[?]
strong as hell, see you out, you get pressed for real
Nah, for real, hook then jab, you get slept for real
Bitch, how y'all wanna play it? Take turns or have a threesome?
Big league chew boy, you still blacks and freak 'em
She act good as hell but she really is a nasty demon
Dee pulled up turnt, I'm like, "Gang, who ass we beating?"
Yo breath stank, boy, who ass you eating?
Finna take the stu' to the church 'cause my ass be preaching
Name one person fucking with me who was actually breathing
Goofy [?] hit him in his chest then have him wheezing
We'll have him wheezing
But my ass be preaching, swear to God
Her ass a demon, who's actually breathing?
Feel like Agent Zero, bitch, I'm balling with a pistol on me
The way that I splash, you would've thought I had some flippers on me
Laying on the couch with a dub and my slippers, homie
Chopstick like a runner, bitch, pull up and hit his homie