[Intro: BabyTron]
Ayy
6 in the Lab, it's probably me and Pr—
If we at the Lab at 6 a.m., it's probably—
ShittyBoyz, Dog Shit Militia, long live $cam, you know?
Ayy
[Verse: BabyTron]
If I'm at the Lab at 6 a.m., it's probably me and Prince
Think he gon' be lost forever, he ain't even peep the hints
Yeah, they Supreme, but if I see an opp, gon' crease the Timbs
Windshield presidential-tinted, they ain't peep the VIN
Shit, I used to need a BIN, shit, I used to need a win
Cuddy tryna tap a temple, all he really need's the pin
Autopilot Tesla whip the car, don't need no keys to spin
Lil' bitch think she wifey now, she tryna meet the kin
Told her I'm a handful, ask her, is she sure that's what she want?
Can't remember fallin' sleep, like, is you sure that's what we poured?
What we know is what we know and if you don't, that's just too bad
Brodie ask me who up in the car, like, shit, that's just two straps
Why you braggin' on the Moncler with the fur? That's just two racks
Why you braggin' 'bout a 'bow of Platinum Runtz? That's just two stacks
Why you braggin' 'bout them bodies that you caught? That's just two hats
Why you braggin' 'bout that package that you caught? That's just two jacks
Thinkin' 'bout lil' Mauri, thinkin' 'bout lil' Chris
When I underdo the drugs, I overthink the little shit
Miss my nimi, wish we could have one more talk
When I was sixteen, dropped a whip, couldn't even take one more walk
Come and get your bitch from out my bed, she couldn't go one more round
(She couldn't go one more round, she couldn't go one more round)
Brodie say he done tappin' hats like, fuck that, go and put one more down
(Go and put one more down, go and put one more down)
Unfuckwitable, that's on my unborn son
The AP 42, but the Presidential 4-1
All the zotti that I blow, you'd probably think I got four lungs
Used to see you up in school and ask you, "What we got for lunch today?"
I just made a bunch today, I just made a bunch of plays
Introduce you to my favorite gun if you in punchin' range
Up this bitch and treat him like my buffies, I'ma bust his frame
Wasn't with me when they called me Jimmy, you can't fuck with James, especially Tron
It's a lot of shit you can't get back, especially time
And that shit so, so, so, so, so  important, sspecially mines
Pendants jittin' and flickerin', givin' epilepsy vibes
I love a bougie bitch, I can't respect the messy kind
Junkie hooked on oowops, he like that fetty high
I done fogged the Blazer to the max, I'm in my Chevy blind
She ain't had no brain for real, she hit me with that petty mind
Cases or the pints, Wock' man, nah, he don't sell me lines
Backup plan the Quagen, why the fuck you tryna sell me PAI?
Switched up from the TRX, you ever seen a Shelby fly?
Bitch, my hitter lead the league in RBIs
Micro Dracey with the curly clip look like an Arby's fry
We just got the loco to they 'telly and the party time
I like pretty-pretty hoes, I only fuck the Barbie kind
I might spend a fifty, sixty, seventy in Marni
By the time the buffs retire, probably seventy on Cartis
You could send an army, that won't stop a thing
I blew a ten, you spent a rack like we don't shop the same
You be hidin', I be seekin', we don't treat our opps the same
Pop the player, pop the coach, pop the ref, then stop the game
It ain't no rules at all
Tap a hat, I'm zoomin' off, the shroomies what I'm boomin' off
Helmut Lang, don't do Lacoste, still losin', shit, I'm used to y'all
Talkin' 'bout I used to ball, don't you see it's present tense?
This bitch actin' like she don't know what I said, it says it sent
ShittyBoyz