[Intro]
Alright, what up, Mark?
Yeah
We'll put 'em up top like a Twitter header (
Ayo, Mark A
)
Christian Loubs sixteen hundred, I'm a glitter stepper
[Verse]
Thinking that y'all boys heavy with it? We the bigger pressers
Middle of the summer, catch me in the strip switching weather
Got 'em sick, they just knowing I'ma win forever
Talking 'bout drip? You can't even put a fit together
On Melrose, cutting lines like I'm VIP
Ain't shit little, everything I do B-I-G
You ain't got pull, you walk in, they ask to see ID (Nope)
Reach for a chain? You gon' D-I-E
Chromе Heart tee, it's reflectivе, hit for seven hundred (Chrome Heart)
Three more juggs, might fuck around and get the bezel flooded (Three more)
All this spotlight, no cap, I really felt it coming (I really did)
Cheat coding, got 'em thinking that I'm pressing hella buttons
Off a deuce of Wocky, boy, you on yo way to grab a fifth
She did a trick on the dick, that's a banana split
Doggy fucked up, on some donating plasma shit
If I catch him out in traffic, guarantee he'll crash the whip
Bug splatter on the windshield, I been road running
Three thousand dollar Nikes on, can't do no scuffing
Froze buffs, white sticks, got my nose running (Cartis)
Before the rap, I was online pro punching (I was)
Japanese steak fiend, I'm finna hit Kyoto
Two horseman on yo shirt? You need to fix that Polo
(USPA)
Needed kicks for this drip, I took a trip to Nojo
Hustle DNA, it ain't no team, I'ma get it solo
Scam star, punching jacks off a Galaxy
Punch God, Scam King, bitch, I'm yo majesty (Bow down)
If we hopping in the Striker, it's gon' be a casualty
In the booth, hand on the Bible, speaking factually
Zip of Turtle Pie put me in that one mode, for real
Heard you bought some drank from dawg, shit, I hope it's sealed
2018, was locked in and I'm focused still
All gas, can't slow down 'cause I'm close to mills
Untouchable, I used to be the best at playing tag
Haters hating, turned it to the max, I'm finna make 'em mad
At the mall tripping with the dubs 'cause the Franklins stashed
Punchline King, I'm Mr. Go And Make You Go Play It Back
Used to specialize in credit card fraud
7.62s give a dreadhead the Lavar Ball
Up before the rooster making chicken, that's that farm talk
In my bag, reach in it? Shoot yo arm off (I'm in my duffy)
Neil Armstrong, outer space off some kush mints
Take that ski mask off, corn, you ain't took shit
Orange and brown sneaks, looking like the fuckin wood lit
Take the word "scam" out yo bio, you ain't jugg shit (Cornball)
You're a Grade-A hamburger
Out in Cali, they just know me as a Lamb' skrrter
Change yo rap name to "Wave Rider", you a damn surfer
Talking 'bout you got the sauce? You and yo mans perping (Lame)
SBDSM, that's the mafia
Seen rock bottom, table turned, I went and got it up (I got it up)
We could be a heavy metal band, couldn't rock with us (You couldn't)
Said you need what shirt? Shit, you got a punch?
Brodie loading chops up, I'm loading Bitcoin
ShittyBoyz, what you think? We the shit, boy
Hundred rounder like that beat maker, tryna hit boy
It's alright if I miss tonight, I'ma get boy
Thirty five percent THC'll put you on yo ass
Mike Amiri, thirteen hundreds, I just spent it on the pants (Mike Amiris)
Leaving right out the club, I just bought some land
Two chains, mirror tint, bitch fuck me off a glance