Lyrics from Snippet
[Intro]
(
313 Mafia
)
Dog Shit Militia, huh, ayy
[Verse]
You can't fill up a venue? I sold out tour
If it's beef on the menu, we pulling out fork
Reach in my bag I'm finna score in pulling out shorts
Thought you heard a dinosaur roaring, nah, I'm pulling out dork
If I catch you reaching in your stash, I'm pulling out more
Matter fact that's your mans, can you pull it out yours?
If you wasn't finished then what you pull it out for?
Bitch, if you wasn't finished then what you pull it out for?
Family plans with the jacks, i'm pulling out four
Fifty on my blicky 'fore you let a bullet out yours
Thanks to switchy
Hoe think her life a fairy tale next to disney
I'm sipping Quag', I ain't playing whiskey
Bitch acting like it's our money, you ain't make it with me
Tell a bitch that all I want is real, like why you faking with me?
I'll let that ARP hit if you snaking with me
Riding 'round with a pause button wouldn't play it with me
Huh, I wouldn't play with Jimmy
Yeah I know i'm drippy but [?] Rickies
I used to play with giffies
You would think the state troopers horny made 'em chase the kitty
If it ain't the Martine Rose I pop out Marni Menace
RIP Mauri, got a purple heart just like a army veteran
Walking into G way with them on he got his Cartis stranded
Heard it's going up, well down where they party headed
We just got the low low, pull up all i see is roho
Brodie solo dolo on the corner shooting like he Bobo
He just asked me where his hoe go, four words "Shit, I don't know"
Told her that I'm bored, I make money moves and then I go home
That's it
Thinking that you sippin' on some drop but that's hit
Heard you went and finally caught him Lil B, oh, that's cute
Get your rank up, last summer, caught 'em two
Don't be surprised if your hoe choose, all of 'em do
The streets a dirty game, it ain't no rule book
[?] banging eighties in the hall, we had the school cooked
Go and find a mirror if you wonder how a fool looks
Thinkin' that you're shining in them diamonds? get your jewels took
Push the pedal hear the 'Cat talk like it's Puss in boots
It's all fun and games until we mushin' you, smushin' you
I might throw a hook at you, if I'm 'pose to [?] at you
Someone bring me a Macbook, I'm Mister Push 'em thru
Hoe said "You looking cute", shit, hoe you looking too
Clicked on my Instagram on accident, she looking through
I ain't even looking through, shit, I'm finna block this bitch
His baby mama ate the dick, until she needed oxygen
Bragging on my old hoes, like that's an accomplishment
Ima' let my bank account talk for all that gossiping
Stopped actin' like we opps cause we opposites
We would probably be more alike if you copped some bricks
Had to block my bitch number, I got [?] to give
I was loading bitcoin you tryna' get a scholarship
Bitch I'm a dog and i think that my colar ripped
We done cranked it to the max, y'all be looking moderate
Hit your function, we gon' clear it like a sale
Shit be all smiles until all you hearin' is them shackles
'Till they read that verdict that you guilty
Gave you one chance to speak and you tryna milk it