[Intro]
(
Ooh, shit, that's a Danny G beat
)
[Verse 1]
Slide down,
AMG sound like a velociraptor
You got 3K in dubs, you are not a stacker
They wave riders, you just gotta sit and watch the pattern
Handyman got a hammer plus that bitch got a ladder
Hunnid rounder, hit an opp and turn him to a fossil
Tryna catch me up in traffic? Boy, you better use some throttle
Poured up in the Gatorade, I'm sipping juice through the nozzle
Used to be the lil' dog, now everything I do colossal
C-Can't fall off track, boy, I'm built different
Three-five of Captain Crunch Berries, need some milk with it
Two titties on the bopstick, it got a Wilt in it
Can't trust dawg, he like Precious, probably stеal chicken
Flying off the zaza, shit, I'm like a ptеrodactyl
Juking on the interstate, I heard 12 prepared to tackle
(They can't keep up with this motherfucker right here)
Riding Forgis, tires looking like a physics test
That 2012 Scat Pack? You need to lay that bitch to rest
Please, dude, Trackhawk season, lil' bitch, let the Jeep through
[Verse 2]
(
Ooh, shit, that's a Danny G beat
)
Ooh, shit, what the fuck, Daniel?
Where the fuck am I at right now? Am I—
Is this Jurassic Park?
Stash crazy, I got money older than a T-Rex
Fuck tripping in the snow, left the short-sleeve wrecked
Wait till akhi pop a P, he ain't even tweak yet
Point it at his feet, he get to jerking like the Rejects
Triceratops, I got white horns on me
Tick-tock, let me find out y'all can't afford Rollies
'Bout to return it, sick you can't even afford Coney
Boy, I'll set this bitch on fire, got the torch on me
Tryna stack it up, been on a island like John Hammond
Rap star but made my very, very first nod scamming
Stone Cold Stunner with the stick, let the Glock slam him
High as hell in that spaceship, I am not landing
We'll leave yo block looking like it's Site B
Off a three-eight of Zushi, I'm looking Chinese
Talking 'bout some red? Why yo double cup lime green?
Scat Packs back to back, flying up the side street
You ain't got a dollar at the crib thinking, "Why me?"
Got a play on Jefferson, I'm finna fly east
In that white and black Hellcat, this bitch Siamese
Five hunnid giffy three times, that's a light ping
You out here sipping Yoshi, okay, Green Goblin
Fuck dawg, two hunnid dollars'll have the fiends rob him
Unky got that one dog in, it ain't no leash on him
Whip fully paid off, it ain't no lease on it
Bitch, I'm balling, working magic like I'm Franz Wagner
Mike Amiris, I don't work a job but the pants splatter
Neptune-bound off the Runtz, bitch, I'm past Saturn
2018, was in Supreme, I ain't have ThrasherLike, did you get that fit from PacSun?
If you did you're a damn bum
"What are those?"
Don't try and act dumb
Popped out with fifty on me, that's a half hun'