[Intro]
Helluva Beat, baby
Yeah, what up, Helly?
[Verse]
Yeezy Man, I spent a dub on Adidas shoes
Chinese Perky, hit the bitch with some Vegeta moves
Cut the traction off while it's raining just to swing the coupe
Hundred dollar plus meal if you catch me eating food
Hundred dollar swig of Wockhardt if I'm drinking juice
Cap star in the booth, why you feel the need to boost?
Dawg staring at my chain, I know his bitch peeped it too
If it's pape, I'm running to it quicker than a cheetah do
2022, I need that Vlad interview
Wake the neighbors up when the Scat wiggle through
Brodie lattered up, I'll have Stan fix his roof
Talking like you up? You sleeping in yo mans' living room
Talking likе you up? Where yo kit? Wherе yo roll at?
In the club, yo rent in my hand, I'm finna throw that
High as hell, yo whip cost a pint, I'm finna pour that
Murder Mitten Baby, bitch, I grew up where it snow at
Icy with these carrots, sticked up, I'm like a snowman
Unky got a brick, he dancing like he hear a slow jam
Flamethrower on me, finna burn him, I don't throw hands
Fraud God, up a ten ball off of four scams
In a rental, trunk got a duffy full of clone cards
Call brodie "5G", he blowed off of four bars
Five hundred dollar hoodie, bitch, it's Chrome Hearts
How the fuck they let me win the race with a slow start?
I don't want yo bitch, her shit runner, don't want no part
7.62s like bullseye but I don't throw darts
Talking 'bout yo samples hard but you know don't Marc
Fuck these hoes, I mean it with my whole heart
B22s but I'll crease 'em just to stomp yo ass
Or give yo ass a Fendi whooping, fuck around and flunk yo ass
When you down, they ho you, when you up, the bitches love yo ass
Any altercation, gang and 'em gon' pop the trunk so fast
Any altercation, gang and 'em gon' let them Dracos rip
At the G Station, finna pour up in a Faygo Twist
Crazy-ass guns with beams on 'em, on some Halo shit
If it's beef, you better lay low, on some Drego shit
Tried to give her forty-two, she like how that Añejo hit
Slide down his block, paint yo whip, on some Maaco shit
You make five hundred a week? That's what I pay for zips
You make two thousand a month? That's what I pay for drip
You was counting sheep, I was counting blues
Taught my lil' bitch something, yeah, she counting too
Leave if you want, bitch, I ain't hounding you
Play with me? What you not 'bout to do, ayy
Backdoor who? I can sense when the vibes off
Shh, alright, brodie, cut the lights off
Cuz said you really do this shit, quit the swipe talk
At PNC, BAPE zipped, finna drive off