[Intro: Lando Bando & 
Rio Da Yung OG
]
(
313 Mafia
)
Yeah, man, a whole lot of Hip Hop Lab shit, free Rio
(
It's Lando, your bitch know, don't let your bitch go, nigga
)
Yeah, Ghetto Boyz shit, nigga
What you just try to do? This lil'— this nothin'
 (
StupidDog, I ain't gon' lie, this bitch hard
)
[Verse]
I just tried to pour a whole pint in a two-liter
I just had four naked hoes in a two-seater
You'll never see me fighting, I shoot people
I'm with the same old niggas from West Pat, ain't no new people
I just poured up what four plus two equal
I just hit a nigga in his head up close, I need shoe cleaner
I'll really kill a nigga 'bout them blue people
I learned how to live in the neighborhood, what did school teach you?
Real niggas pay attention when I talk, I'm a school teacher
You a pure pussy at heart, I see through people
Start bussin' in the house party and hit two people
I got a pint of Act' from my unc', he got leukemia
It be hard to chase a bitch, I got bronchitis
Hit his whip with a .223, he in the car dying
Fuck around and hit the gas tank, it's a car fire
I got a run on Vicodin and I'm a bar buyer
Got a roll of hundreds on me now thicker than car tires
Nigga think he too deep in that water, have a shark bite him
Niggas pure bums, ain't even got a credit card probably
My bitch just poured an eight of Wock' out, then we start fighting
I had to beat the bitch ass, I paid the high for that
Told the bitch, "You lucky you my girl, niggas die for that"
Don't give a fuck how fast it go, I wouldn't buy a 'Cat
I'm a grown man, I'm on the phone with House tryna buy a 'Lac
Your car probably forty-six thousand, mine a hundred racks
Just hit MGM for ten thou', I ain't comin' back
They talkin' 'bout the drank plug in there, now I'm running back
Them niggas threw ten shots at me, I threw a hundred back
He got a brick, but it been hit more times than a punching bag
Hit him in his ribs with the K, he got a stomach bag
Nigga drinking all that cut lean, now his stomach bad
He let off thirty shots, ain't nobody drop, what you bussin' at?
I just bought a rose gold plain watch, I'm bussin' that
I just made eighteen racks today, I hustle racks
You don't need a eighteen-wheeler for a brick, you can smuggle that
I just found some straight drop work, you can stomp on that
Let me check my bank account, where my phone at?
I see you got a bustdown, but you don't own that
All that pussy shit you niggas do, we don't condone that
I heard the nigga chain fake as fuck, I don't want that
Where you get this bullshit weed from? I can grow that
Used to re-up with a zip, now I throw bad
Hundred racks, walking out of Paul's with a store bag
I'm coming back if this the neighborhood they smoke dope at
Eight thousand for a party, where the show at?
Bro ask me how this shit going? Where the floor at?
Yes, I'm really getting money, how you know that?
You just did five years for a pistol, why you go back?
I heard bro got the ups on him and they ain't bust back
I'll get busy with the glizzy, and the whole hood know that