[Intro: Pros AP]
(
It's a Wayne beat
)
GuttaBoys, nigga (GuttaBoys)
We the youngest niggas winnin' (Niggas winnin')
Pros
[Verse 1: Pros AP]
In the club with twenty on me like this shit normal (What the fuck?)
Bitch, I'm nineteen, I stacked a dub up and kept goin' (Yes, sir)
Fuck I look like cheatin' on my bitch when she gorgeous? (What I look like?)
Fuck I look like slippin' in the hood when I'm important? (What I look like?)
Still'll drop a nigga when I get the drop, I love scorin' (Yeah, yeah)
I'm the bag, a nigga play with me, we comin' for his daughter (Nigga)
Ten thousand on a chain, bitch, I dropped it like it's nothin'
Fifty 'bows of exotics, bet the trap up and runnin', bitch (Huh?)
If you ain't gon' shoot your gun, don't act militant
Murder Island boys, we the ones who get the business did
Spot an opp, we gon' spin like the ceiling fan
GuttaBoys, they probably think I signed a deal with Peezy 'nem (GuttaBoys, yeah)
Ice chain, Cartis on, bitch, life lit (Life lit)
I'll come cash you out if the price fit (Yes, sir)
Glocky come everywhere like my right fist (Everywhere)
Free bro AKA Mr. Ice Shit (Ice him out)
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung OG]
Glock flashed in, frrt, it's a light switch
Got straight drop brown, but the white mixed
Caught a nigga leavin' Golden Sun with a nice kit
Upped four-five with the switch, now this my shit
Hit a lick at Hutch the next day, got a white kit
You say the Oxy ain't work? You gotta bite it
I'll put a hundred thousand on your head and start a riot
Thousand dollars for this thing on the front, it's kinda quiet
Yup, now the bitch go like, "Phew, phew"
If a nigga jumped out on you with a K, what would you do?
Yeah, I got dog shit on me now, yeah, doo-doo
Can't believe this nigga braggin' 'cause he got some new shoes
Oh, y'all poured a lil' four? Nigga, woohoo
Little do you know that's Karo syrup, you gotta doo-doo
I just seen the opps and thought to myself, "What would Skub do?"
Nigga, this a Glock 22, not a deuce-deuce
[Verse 3: Pros AP]
Nigga, this a wide body 'Cat, it go zoom zoom
Me and T smash bros, I tagged him in and boom boom (What up, T?)
Glock with the drum, yeah, this bitch go boom boom (Bah, bah, bah, bah)
Ask Hutch, I paid for my chain in all Blues Clues (What up, Jody?)
I'm certified in the trap, ask Fat
Trapped out, phone slatt, line bangin', ask Jack (Nigga)
Twenty racks, all dubs, show me how to fold that
Just poured a whole pint up, I'm kinda pissed my pop flat (Fuck)
[Verse 4: Rio Da Yung OG]
Where my lil' Glock at?
See you got a Hellcat, .308'll stop that
I just bought a new K, where my biggest opp at?
She got paid to suck dick, bitch want her job back
200K, shit, I already got that
Three hundred black out, hit him where his top at
Had three seconds left and I shot that
I probably just shit talk the best, I do not rap