{Intro: Reese Youngn}
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
[Verse 1: Reese Youngn]
Fuck a Glock, take two shots from the Dillinger
Sold a bitch a bottle of Patrón filled with vinegar
Did I take a shot or talk some shit? Then I'ma 
[?]
Glock 40 sit a nigga down and stand the [?] up
That bitch to put me in 
[?]
, but I had to finish her
She just gave me some head, do I gotta remember her?
I just told the bitch I'm standin' out and now I live wit' her
She just fucked my dawg for 100, she think I'm pimpin' her
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung Og]
I feel like Tupac with these two Glocks, I'm 'bout to hit 'em up
A  from slugs and buckshots prolly lift 'em up
Tryna rapid fire this AR and fucked the trigger up
Lost my phone and hardbodies when i done tried to strip the club
.45 on me in this bitch, I'm tryna start a fight
Pour my liqour on him, then pop 'em, tryna start a fire
Mix a deuce of Tris' with the Wock', I'm tryna get higher
I wanna see my opps face to face one day, they needa quit dyin'
[Verse 3: Reese Youngn]
Where the weed? I just need me a quarter
No, I never end up robbin' a nigga for the weed that I order
FInna go nut in a bitch 'cause I need me a daughter
Pop too many percs need Kool-Aid, fuck drinkin' some water
Public defender even told my nigga he need him a lawyer
He tryn' text me on his 'droid but he need him a charger
Got one battery, he really gone need him a starter
He do a thousand push-ups with his [?] and water
[Verse 4:Rio Da Yung Og]
Have you ever seen a nigga drop a whole B' in the water
Lean ain't cheap no mo', you want a ounce? I want three and a quarter
Plug came from Cuba, told the nigga just meet me in Florida
Old 'K came with a knife, it's a beam on the .40
I'ma fiend, I just dropped a perc 15 in my water
Drunk so much drank yesterday, I'm peein' out Morton's
Don't know how much pap' I spent today, I'll see in the morning
Hope I run into a opp while I'm in Atlanta, I'ma leave 'em in Georgia
[Verse 5: Reese Youngn]
Fuck standin' on the couch, we on top of the bar
Like a sunroof, I hope you up from the top of the car
SK would've had yo [?]
That .45, it like to choke when I pop it too hard
Hadda let my phone down softly, you talking too hard
Don't put no 
[?]
 on the Glock, just go pop out the car
I swear I got Viagra in this clip, 'cause this choppa too hard
I swear I ain't ask to fuck the bitch, she just hopped in the car
[Verse 6: Rio Da Yung Og]
Fifteen hunnid percs on me, but I'm keepin a thousand'
Nawl, I ain't tryna sell 'em, bro, I be needin' to pop em
Shot my nigga in his shit one day, I wasn't meaning to pop 'em
Auntie said I can buy the whole eighth from her, but she keepin' the bottle
I fuck raw, but when it's time to stuff a bitch, I'ma need me a condom
Hit the bitch, her pussy wasn't that good now I skeet in the mama
Hellcats, foreign cars, and trucks, I don't be in Impalas
Me, RMC, Ray, P, D-Nice, and Peezy a problem
[Verse 7: Reese Youngn]
Shit, my phone died, gotta portable charger
Yo nigga died, I think he need a immortal restarter
Me and Rio on track 'cause that's [?] quarters
I'm like Weezy, drink got me seasoned, I'm still pourin' it darker
[Verse 8: Rio Da Yung Og]
Ghetto Boyz shit, bro said I was gone be a problem
Stories in the clip, for the niggas who thinkin' they cocky
I can't feel my tongue, I just drunk a raw three of Wocky
I got lawyer money, plus bro ain't gone snitch, couldn't beat me a body
[Verse 9: Reese Youngn]
That nigga think that he a killer, we know he Tekashi
F.N. give ya' hot shit, nigga, free wasabi
I could tell from how he actin' he ain't seen a body
All this choppa wanna do is catch a piece of body