[Intro: Rio Da Yung OG]
(
Marc Boomin, this you?
)
What up, Marc Boomin? Yeah, we back again, nigga
Y'all know we finna walk, we don't have to tell you
Ghetto Boyz shit, still grindin', nigga
Yeah, y'all niggas can't fuck with us, nigga
We the ones, nigga
Alright
[Verse 1: Rio Da Yung OG]
Off-White shirt costs six hundred, I got ten of 'em
And I bought 'em at one time, I got big money
I can drop twenty shots and don't miss nothin'
You just dropped a whole hundred shots and you ain't hit nothin'
Oh, you really gettin' money? Lay a brick on me
You ain't got the whole brick? Lay a zip on me
I knew you wasn't my dog, I can't get nothin'
Oh, your sister work at Walgreens? Bust a script for me
How you really gettin' money and your bitch bummy?
How you got a bad bitch and your kids ugly?
Whole six in a little Squirt, man, this bitch muddy
I drink my whole cup fast, I don't sip nothin'
[Verse 2: Louie Ray]
Me and Rio gotta pour a pop, it's a consequеnce
Gotta pour a pop, it's a consequencе
Me and Rio gotta pour a pop, it's a consequence
Gotta take light sips, it's smoothie thick
I be tryna clean 'em with the counter 'cause blues'll stick
I gotta move like this, I'm too smooth to trip
Shootin' at the end of Stockdale, on the news and shit
Too many rubber bands on me, I bruised my wrist
I can't play, I got too much to lose or risk (Swear to God)
She only temporary, I be movin'
I know I'm gettin' money, but ain't really tryna prove it
You always talkin' what you did, bro, I does it
[Verse 3: Rio Da Yung OG]
Jay and Louie fucked the world up when they dropped Coochie
Wright really from the pad, you can ask Poody
Hit a nigga in his whole head, I don't half do it
How you let dog survive? You a bad shooter
I ain't into WWE, I shoot people
Let off one shot out the D-Eagle, hit two people
You was right there when your mans told, you a proofreader?
Unc' nose hole so damn big, he can oot people
I ain't finna fight you, I poof people
I just dropped a hundred shots in a two-seater
I don't give a fuck how much you got, I don't serve new people
I got white, black, green, and blue people
[Verse 4: Louie Ray]
Still got a lil' pot around for who doin' it
They say it's hard to motivate the hood, but we doin' it
Niggas can't even help the legacy, 'cause they'll ruin it
The flower patch ain't dead, shit bloomin', nigga
Through the legs, turn him 'round, I'll school a nigga
I jumped in headfirst, this not a pool, my nigga
I'm in a crazy position, my knees behind me
I been tryna leave the hood, but the fiends behind me
Big racks in my bookbag is all I need beside me
It gotta be the boat the way she ride me
[Verse 5: Rio Da Yung OG]
Louie had to wake me up, I kept on noddin'
I knew she could suck dick, she kept on slobbin'
Oh, you lookin' for some dog food? Go to Petco probably
I just ran some dog shit up in Retro 5s
Niggas mad we came up, better catch up, fry
I don't like talkin' on the phone, we can text sometimes
Cut the bitch off 'cause her pussy was wet sometimes
Impress him when you see him, 'cause you only meet death one time
How the fuck is that my son? We had sex one time
First nigga I popped got grazed, the next one died
[Outro]
(
Marc Boomin, this you?
)