[Intro]
(
Marc Boomin, this you?
)
Uh-huh
[Verse]
Nigga, I'm a pint sipper
I'm a pint spiller, I'm a drank getter
Damn, they look alike, but they ain't sisters
Ridin' through the hood in a BP, we in the tank trippin'
I need some more syrup, my drink tank empty
Took a ten out Wells Fargo, fuck the bank teller
Them boys got too much money, let the bank tell it
Like, how the fuck is that real zaza and we can't smell it?
Thirty-three percent THC, you can't even inhale it
This shit strong as, this shit—
Nigga, this shit strong as Hercules
I still wanna fuck Perklese, who got a Perc' for me?
I told unc' quit his job and come work for me
'Cause five, six thousand dollars a month like a shirt to me
That's just syrup to me, you just turtle green
I told my nigga, "Don't follow no trend, they done turned you cheap"
Bitch, you got kids and you ain't turnt you weak
I'm mad as fuck 'cause I just fuck and I burnt a week
Like, why the fuck it hurt to pee?
Bitch, that's piss, that ain't motherfuckin' squirt to me
Bro almost hit a curb, he done jerked a V
I got an old assault rifle tryna lurk the streets
Nigga, I was drinkin' Act' when syrup was cheap
I'm talkin' like, two hundred a pint, it wouldn't go up to three
And I drunk Act' when it was high, my cup a G
And that's just an ounce, this shit gettin' fuckin' steep
He never gonna get no dog shit, he like to fuck and sleep, and play the game
Right now I'ma think for you, baby, save your brain, I need that for later
How much the drink come up to, C? Grab a calculator
I seen a nigga get rich off a pack of papers
Baby Ghost'll take a big risk and try to whack the mayor
I'm high as fuck, I might hit Claressa Shields
And we can fight after we fuck, throw fists for real
I never let a nigga throw fists with Will
A nigga ball his fists up and he gettin' killed
Left Cass and Ra fifty-five mill' I put it in my will
Like, how y'all get the coke from California, put it in the wheel?
I don't want no fine shit 'cause that's just a bill
I really want a project bitch 'cause them bitches steal
I really like to mix, bro, I don't like Tris for real
I been out for fifteen days, turned down sixteen deals
'Cause two labels called last Monday
I really wanna listen to my heart, but what the guns say?
Baby, turn around, what your thumbs say? That say Da'mario?
Take her in the weight room, we doin' cardio
Give me $20K and I'll host, don't go to parties, though
I ain't even did shit, what I say sorry for?
And, yes, I fucked your sister, girl, y'all all some hoes
Hellcat growl up so loud, what you start it for?
I thought you was parkin', bro
Keep it real, you ain't never poured dark before
Nigga, you ain't never bought no seals, you just bought a four
Spent a million on a crib, then sixty racks, went and bought a floor
I went porcelain
I hit a lick for twenty bands and gave my lawyer ten
Don't go to court again