[Intro]
(
Marc Boomin, this you?
)
[Verse]
This a church beat
This a church beat
Matter of fact, play the first beat
That nigga rolled down Keller, that's the worst street
That's the wrong street, it's a one-way
Nigga, we don't do no fightin', we 'bout gunplay
Have you ever made a hundred thousand on a Sunday?
I'm talkin' 'bout $100K in cash, it was a one play
Shoutout Lou Gram
Bitch asked me for some molly, I got two grams
That's a coincidence
Baby, close your eyes, it's gon' pinch a bit
Like how y'all throw the Act pint out and didn't rinse the bitch?
Every day I spend ten on clothes, I'm rich as shit
Do you wanna fight a Chinese nigga that can kick and flip?
Or can he kick a switch?
You think you really got on drip with them big ass Ricks?
I need a .41 or better, I got a big ass wrist
Bitch hoppеd right in the car, pulled out her clitoris, this bitch ill as shit
I got a bad bitch, wе finna go to Nobu
Damn, I ain't know you 'oot coke too
Lying to a rat bitch, something I won't do
Like how you don't understand we fuckin'? I don't want you
This a business proposition, I'll see you later
C pulled up to the halfway house 'cause I needed a favor
L threw a four over the fence, I needed an eighter
Finna call a group meeting with all my hoes, I'm keeping it player
Gotta hit Patton Moon, he keep me with flavor
Is it an ounce of Act left? I need it to savior
Why can't you tell that I'm rich without me sayin' it?
Bro told me take the rap serious, I just keep playin'
'Cause you ain't never made a quarter million in a weekend
Tryna see if the bitch water cold, stuck my feet in it, it was kinda warm
When you got half a million, all the bitches swarm, like some fruit flies
They shot the nigga twenty times with a two-five
Don't call me 'bout no city shit, 'less Scoop died
My niggas pulled up on me with some new fire
He said, "This bitch got a silencer, tap it two times, it's a switch too"
That's some quick silence shit, he gon' kill you
Rio, you ain't never had shit, we know the real you
But I see you got some shit and you still you
Bud, Mike, Will here too, I'm with Phil too
Or you can pour it in the smallest pop they make, it's still two
Grab your ass, only time I feel you
'Cause all that other shit you talkin' bullshit, mildew
I don't know how much money I made, Will do
Bro said he needed me real quick, so I fell through
Drop my black in the drank, it was still two
This bitch hit my cup, almost fell too
Like, bitch, you know your pussy stink if we smell you
Nigga, you couldn't do a week in the chute
'Member had to call bro 'cause I needed shoes
He bought me somethin' for the video, let me keep em too
Here go the picture right here if you need it
In front of E Crib, callin' Michael Kidd, we just need a deuce
We was broke as hell
Like, how the fuck y'all go broke when I go to jail?
Now I'm rich as hell