[Intro: Rio Da Yung OG]
(
Ooh, Sav killed it
)
Alright, man, you know
Me and Sav got an understanding with this shit
Alright
[Verse 1: Rio Da Yung OG]
Dum N Dumbber 3, you know we had to do it
Mike took my pill and we got into— oh
He got a pill for me, so we not into it
And no, them people house did not do nothing to me, but I shot into it
[Verse 2: RMC Mike]
Bitch pussy deeper than a bitch, I stuffed a lot into it
I popped a Perc-30 last night and made a lot of music
We can kill forty-one niggas, nine Glocks'll do it
I think I poured like twelve lines up, my pop amusing
Nigga, I'll sell my house for the right check
I think I need nine rounds today, bitch, I like sex
Walk in, let me see everybody gun, this a pipe check
Deep water, let me say, "Bitch," that's a mic check
They only sent your ass three thousand? That's a light check
[Verse 3: Rio Da Yung OG]
Bro, take your chain off, this a diamond check
Talkin' 'bout big beaver, bro, your ass can't even find the set
I just promoted a party, made an Oiler check
How many Youtube views you got? This a subscriber check
You ain't never seen this gun, this a dino TEC
Pole on the shotgun look like we shootin' rhino necks
I ain't gon' lie, Lil Baby hard, but Rylo next
Twenty hoes texted me yesterday, I can't find your text
Ridin' down Saginaw tryna trick, I can't find no sex
[Verse 4: RMC Mike & 
Rio Da Yung OG
]
Bitch suckin' dick with all shoulders, can't find her neck
No cap, between me and Ri', they sent five Pateks
Do you got that shit on you? This a diaper check
I got so much shit in my pants, I caught a diaper rash
Cook the whole brick of wet dope, where the dryer at?
On the plane higher than a bitch like, "Where the pilot at?"
How you niggas hotter than me and Mike? Where the fire at?
Man, this bitch pussy loose, where some pliers at?
Her friend ass flatter than a bitch, she got an iron back
AR shine light on your spine, it's a Diamondback
Ri' said he fucked my new bitch and I'm fine with that
Man, I miss my old bitch, where's Diamond at?
You said you paid twenty for the chain, where the diamonds at?
I'm tryna put my balls in her mouth, where Lariyah at?
Man, I need my hair redid, where Taniah at?
Made a hundred racks last summer, July exact
I ain't gon' lie, I can't even think of shit that rhyme with that
Mike just fucked my main bitch and 
I'm fine with that
Damn, I think I did it twice
I hit her ass from the back, we had  a vivid night
I don't eat pussy, bae, you lucky if I lic
k it twice
Alright, I got my mind made up, I'm trickin' twice
Told the bitch I need a thousand dollars, that's the renter price
Just gon' 'head and chop your neck off, boy, you rentin' ice
Bitch pussy got more miles than a— than a, yeah
Bitch pussy got more miles than a longsleeve from Enterprise
Damn, 
c'mon