[Intro: Baby Zeek]
(
Ooh, Steve-O did this one
)
What's good, Ri?
[Chorus: Baby Zeek]
Bro a faggot, when he shoot his shot, he hittin' it
How Rio drippin' so much water? He a Flint nigga
But this a brick, nigga, got twenty-eight by thirty-six in it
Don't need no bustdown, I bust down and put my wrist in
[Verse 1: Baby Zeek]
Brodie tweakin' off them drugs, this his third buy
Still'll pull up, serve a nigga like it's curbside
Get them chickens in, how you still make that bird fly? (How you do that?)
I catch hits and sell dope, rap my third job
Alphabet man, I got P, C, and D too
Percs look like candy, bitch, you know I got a sweet tooth
Make the wrong move, like wrong turn, bro gon' eat you
Oh, you think it's cool? DTE, we gon' come hit you
Off-White shirt, came from off-white work
Still standing in the kitchen making off-white, skrrt
[?] trap nigga, [?]
I ain't feeling no pain, but I'ma still pop Percs
Lil' freak nasty bitch, gon' let mе hit it like a blunt
I got money on the floor, bitch, I gotta pick it up
Likе a branch, everywhere we go, you know them sticks with us
Topside need a band-aid, I just hit it with the cut
[Chorus: Baby Zeek]
Bro a faggot, when he shoot his shot, he hittin' it
How Rio drippin' so much water? He a Flint nigga
But this a brick, nigga, got twenty-eight by thirty-six in it
Don't need no bustdown, I bust down and put my wrist in it
[Verse 2: Rio Da Young OG]
I'm finna shoot the Knoxville, I brought a brick with me
Like how the fuck you robbing me? I got two sticks with me
My nigga went and caught a body, he took a bitch with him
She told on him, he went to sit down and she ain't sit with him
Nigga acting tough as hell 'til four-fifth hit him
I went to Hutch and bought some clean water, I'm a Flint nigga
Two thousand for a pair of jeans and it's rips in 'em
Five hundred for this lil' hoodie, my outfit different
I got six hundred Oxy 30s, but I'm not selling
Like when I wake up in the morning, I gotta pop seven
My bitch cute as hell, but I ain't gon' lie, I like this pop better
Drop so many shots out the strap, I got the Glock sweatin'
Bitch, it's Ghetto Boyz, I thought you knew that
Oh, this supposed to be some zazas? I thought you grew that
Drove to Cali with a thousand pills, but I flew back
I ain't talking 'bout no Oxys, but I brought a bunch of blues back
[Chorus: Baby Zeek]
Bro a faggot, when he shoot his shot, he hittin' it
How Rio drippin' so much water? He a Flint nigga
But this a brick, nigga, got twenty-eight by thirty-six in it
Don't need no bustdown, I bust down and put my wrist in
[Outro: Rio Da Yung OG & 
Baby Zeek
]
Bitch, it's Ghetto Boyz, I thought you knew that
Brodie tweakin' off them drugs, this his third buy
Drove to Cali with a thousand pills, but I flew back
Them chickens in, how you still make that bird fly?