[Intro: Rio Da Yung OG]
([?])
Ghetto Boyz shit, nigga
Alright
[Verse 1: Rio Da Yung OG]
I'm in my bag, it's gon' be hard for you to get me out this
Stuck my hand in my right pocket and whipped the semi out it
Put my finger on the trigger and dropped twenty out it
Ayy, nigga, what the fuck is twenty thousand?
Got a ninety-script of M30's for twenty dollars
Eight hundred dollars for the Gucci collar
Penetrate a bitch, legs up, make the coochie holler
Yeah, I shot your main man, what you gon' do about it?
Shed blood, sweat and tears for this Ghetto Boyz shit
I used to want a SS, now it's a Chevy on my wrist
You gon' run the fiends off, you too heavy with the hit
Why you hatin' on me? I just spent seventy on my kid
Alright, lеt me hear it from the top
This a soul-catchеr, take a nigga spirit when I pop
Bud said he probably finna drop a presi' off this crop
I know these niggas pissed off my P.O. let me off that box
Burberry bubble coat twenty-two hundred
I just turn my head when I see a school bus
You really let a nigga kill your cousin and ain't do nothin'?
What the fuck is 100k? I could make that shit in two Sundays
[Verse 2: Lil Slugg]
(Yeah, free Rio, it's Lil Sluggy in this)
(Yeah, yeah, uh, Louisville, Lil Sluggy in this bitch, ho)
He tryna use my name for a pass in the hood, I don't know the boy
Click-click, flash, he got hit with a polaroid
He wanted Blue Cookies, Blue Dream what I sold the boy
Hopped up out the bed, swag turnt on my Soulja Boy
Are you with me when I'm home? Claim she miss me when I'm gone
Say she wanna come get with me, tryna kiss me through the phone
VVSes and Pigellis, yeah, she see what niggas on
I don't need your lil' trap, bitch, go and stream a nigga song
My lil' brothers from the East, they just hit for like eighty P
Just got an eight-ounce from my favorite fiend 'cause it's 80D
My mama told me keep it on me, niggas hate every day you breathe
And I'ma talk my shit up on this mic 'til I'm eighty-three
Alright, let me turn it up a notch
Get this nigga out the kitchen, near burnin' up the pot
Why you fightin' with the bitch, in here, burnin' up the spot?
[?][1:42] strip him for his chains like he didn't bring his watch
Nigga died with it on him, he wasn't even tryna bust
He sellin' fentanyl pills, you a fool, nigga, trust
Lil' nasty ho, I love the way she drool when she suck that
They call me Louisville Slugga, ain't never been to Kentucky, nah
Bust down Cartier only fifteen
Missiles ate his purple denim, guess he died up in some ripped jeans
How niggas poppin' Percocets, but scared to sip lean?
Ain't never got back for your cousin and he died in 2016
[Outro: Lil Slugga & 
Rio Da Yung OG
]
Yeah, [?][2:07] shit, nigga
Ghetto Boyz shit, nigga