[Intro: Ghetto Baby Boom]
Don't worry 'bout it
I'm tellin' you (
1800 for you
)
I'm tellin' you, yeah (Don't worry 'bout it)
[Verse 1: Ghetto Baby Boom]
Niggas die for tryna be the nigga that they not (Boy)
Niggas die for tryna play the streets and play the cops
Ghetto Baby certified, bitch, go and ask the block (Tellin' you)
You ain't got your strap? Don't worry 'bout it, guess you fightin', huh?
Only thing gon' be bitin' is these bullets in your jaw
Rule number one, nigga, don't never tell what you saw (Yeah)
Death before dishonor, on my mama, come on now, that's law (yeah)
Niggas hate the gang, don't worry 'bout it, you see us gettin' off (Huh?)
Broad day, you see me out, you better think about it (Bro, I'm tellin' you)
Don't give a fuck 'bout who you with, boy, I'm gon' be about it (Don't worry 'bout it)
Know it make thеse niggas sick when I say, "Free them robbеrs" (Yeah)
Or matter fact, when I say, "Don't worry about it"
[Verse 2: FMB Jocahvelly]
Yop, I say I can make a bitch rich, give her a blow model (Yop)
Say I'm 'bout to hit it with some fent', I'ma make more out it (Yop)
I say a nigga better not throw a stitch, 'cause Will'll blow 'bout it
Say don't make us come and slide on shit, that's how we go 'bout it
You ain't gon' really slide on shit, you a ho probably
I just hit a nigga bitch, she in here spent, she want some more mileage
Say it, I ain't gon' lie, this bitch just wanna fuck me
I'm 'bout to send this bitch that way, come take a trip right down to the country
[Verse 3: Ghetto Baby Boom]
How you certified? You ain't never show your PSI (Huh?)
How you one of mines? I ain't never seen you went to slide (Don't worry 'bout it)
If it ain't 'bout no money, don't call my phone, I'm on that type of time (Don't worry 'bout it)
They say, "Boom, switch it up, can you talk about somethin' new?" (Huh?)
When I change my life around, when I get a mil' or two (Yeah)
Right now, bitch, I'm thuggin', everything I say, I'm living proof (Don't worry 'bout it)
I see why niggas hate me, they can't do the shit that I do (Worry 'bout it)
I see why your bitch like my style, 'cause what I rap, she know it's true (Yeah)
[Interlude: Rio Da Yung OG]
Ghetto Boyz shit, nigga
Don't worry about it
What up, Joc?
I'm finna use your shit, though, nigga, watch this
Ayy
[Verse 4: Rio Da Yung OG]
I say we'll really hop out with them K's, we ain't just makin' music
Baby Ghost'll shoot you in your face, ain't gotta pay to do it
I opened up a Mountain Dew and poured an eight into it
Anybody'll get a gun and shoot somebody, seen a baby do it
SIG Sauer on my hip, the chopper by the porch
Six lawyers on my dope case, ain't gotta go to court
My role models was really ballin', they wasn't on the court
Snuck the metal through the detector, I'll blow in court
Dig that nigga body up, I'ma choke his corpse
My house got some crack in it like an open door
Last year, I said this shit was on the floor, but I don't no more
'Cause it really is, we need a stronger floor
I don't wanna buy no cut lean, I need a stronger four
I'm finna stretch this brick out, I need a longer cord
How many pints of Act' have you owned before?
Me and Joc just seen an opp on his block, he ain't at home no more