[Intro: Louie Ray]
Goddamn, alright
She got a big booty [?] from the back, I had to handle it
Yeah
From the back, I had to handle it
Big booty from the back, I had to handle it
Got a big booty, I had to (
Southside shit
)
[Verse 1: Louie Ray]
She got a big booty [?] from the back, I had to handle it
If we don't find drank before the show, we gon' cancel it
No guidance, growin' up in Flint, shit was damaging
I finally got a hundred thousand dollars and expanded it
He was poppin' off about the heat, now his candles lit
Lil' bro would steal, poppin' bars, doin' random shit
Type of nigga take off runnin' when you hand him shit
You would think I had a poop scoop, we gotta bag this shit
[Verse 2: YN Jay]
Hit the dog with the dog, you got caught, got me mad at Vick
[?]Money you accumulate right now, I been had that shit
I ain't go to school, but I'm always on some math shit
I'll make my uncle stomp you out in my dad kicks
Got put out of school, I was always in some ba—
Ayy, why you always in your feelings? You be always on some sad shit (Ah)
[Verse 3: Louie Ray]
I'm thе realest, you could put me on your adlib
Monеy let you see life better, I had to have in
I could [?] bookbag full of money and grab ten
Me falling off is like saying you could grab wind (Can't do that shit, nigga, can't do that)
Come from the hood where I had to live
Can't believe the stories, it's just somethin' where you had to been
How the fuck it become a murder? We just thought they was gamblin'
[Verse 4: Rio Da Yung OG]
I got a ratchet Louisiana bitch, she went to Grambling
He died from a leg shot, he was panicking
I walked in Gucci, bought the whole mannequin
A headshot up top turned his brains into scrambled eggs
Strap on me, but I ain't gotta unfasten it
Act' on me and a little bit of glass with it
I got a gun that take more bullets than a, alright
I got a, alright, alright
I got a gun that take bigger bullets than a bathroom trash can
A headshot'll turn him to a vegetable, he half-dead
I ain't let the bitch suck my dick, she got bad breath
Plus she got ass shots and a flat chest
[?] bullshit, I cooked it, dried it up, how it's back wet?
This the backend from EMPIRE, this not a bad check
One day I ate a bitch pussy 'til my durag was wet
Just ordered up a creme soda and four Blacks with that
Bought some weed from A1, it jumped on me, that's a pack attack
Yeah, the pack attacked me
How the fuck I had support and I was lackin' family?
For the right amount of money, I'll whack my granny
Sellin' dope in my hand, I ain't have a baggie
Oh, you want some Scooby Doo? Why you ain't ask Shaggy?
Nigga ain't takin' shit, you gon' have to whack me
Noddin' off off the drank, almost crashed the Caddy
Let me grab the Addy
[Outro]
(
Southside shit
)