[Intro: Drego]
Beep
(
Meech
)
Man
[Chorus: Drego]
I'm in the game like EA, I just wanna ball (I just wanna ball)
I can't stop countin' like the clock on the wall
Walk in the plug house and I shop like the mall (Yeah)
I want this, I want that, shit, I need it all (Shit, I need it all)
I don't really need a pot for it, dog (Nah)
You can grab you a cup, I'ma sip it raw (Ah)
The streets fake, you think they real, I can see it all (I can see it all)
This shit pace like Indiana, gotta time it, dog (Gotta time it, dog)
[Verse 1: Drego]
Man, all I ever wanted was to bubble (Was to bubble)
I had the same dreams as Mike until I seen a double ('Til I seen a double)
I know this rap shit can keep me out of trouble (Yeah)
But I know the trap'll give me bills like I'm Russell
I'm just layin' in the trap, strap on my stomach
If a nigga make it back, then I know we thumbin' (Then I know we thumbin')
Tell me, what would you do for the hundreds? (Huh?)
Would you drive twenty hours, nigga, just to get some money? (Boy)
Would you spend a thousand dollars, nigga, just to pour some bubbly? (Boy)
Would you sit outside his house 'cause the nigga owe you money?
Would you cut off all the fake niggas claimin' that they love you? (Huh)
Niggas really be in competition tryna count your money
[Chorus: Drego]
I'm in the game like EA, I just wanna ball (I just wanna ball)
I can't stop countin' like the clock on the wall
Walk in the plug house and I shop like the mall (Yeah)
I want this, I want that, shit, I need it all (Shit, I need it all)
I don't really need a pot for it, dog (Nah)
You can grab you a cup, I'ma sip it raw (Ah)
The streets fake, you think they real, I can see it all (I can see it all)
This shit pace like Indiana, gotta time it, dog (Man)
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung OG]
I'm a hot nigga, ridin' with dirty strap, I feel like Bobby Shmurda
I don't pop niggas, hit him in his top, I want somebody murdered
Drop niggas, pull up when it's hot and hop out with the burner (Yeah)
I feel like Alonzo with this pump, Jake, this shotty surgical (Damn)
I don't even need a pop, I can drink it straight
Drego feel the same, sold him a pint and told him be safe (Be safe, bro)
Niggas drinkin' Karo with pop, that's why they gainin' weight (Duh)
Sixty-four lines in one day, we goin' eight for eight (Let's do it)
My bitch wanna take a trip, I told her go do it
The only trips I take is with the bag when I blow through it
Wock' pop and a Perc-30 had me lookin' stupid
Hallucinatin', staring at the ground, I think the floor movin' (What the fuck?)
Give me a roll of TP, I shit on niggas (Uh)
Disrespectful, I don't got no manners, I shit on bitches
Havin' dogshit, I could pull a knot out ten inches
Have you ever seen a nigga cook a brick in ten minutes? (Have you?)
[Outro: Rio Da Yung OG]
Yeah, Ghetto Boyz shit
Leave the pops at the store, I'ma sip it raw
I don't even need a condom, I'ma hit her raw (
Meech
)
Yeah, what up, Meech?
Man, what up, Drego? You know what the fuck goin' on, nigga
It's Rio