[Verse 1: FRosTydaSnowMann]
Count the cash up in her face, nice, how the bag taste?
Bend her over, break her back, she in last place
Left her home, now the bitch got a sad face
Please get on, bitch, go home, swear you agitate me
I don't chase these hoes, I got a bag to chase
Bled Bank of America twice, now I bagged the Chase
I'm a bullshit black and it's sad to say
I treat every day like a Saturday
I just had to say I'm no cat
To save a SpongeBob Square ho, I'm bleedin' ass today
If she don't got dough, then I'm masturbating
Jack my gun off four times 'til it acclimate me
'Bout to press my buttons, mmm, like a Mac play
Please don't ask me where I'm from, what my tats say?
Fendi, Louis on, nigga, on a bad day
Snowgurb is my best friend, what the cash say?
Wake up, get dressed, bitch, and get a bag today
Bitch came back without a bag, I beat her ass today
She got me mad as fuck, but fuck it, I'ma have to wait
Get up off your fat ass and stop bakin' cake
Put that bitch up on the blade and told her make cake
Stupid-ass bitch sittin' on Fig' hittin' her nae nae
All I want is two fat bitches like Dae Dae
Yeah, it sound funny, but I heard they pay what they weigh
I want that dough right now, I don't wanna wait
Go and try that boyfriend shit on another day
I need a measly, go catch another date
This the ball smackin' [?][1:02]
I told her make it cheesy, baby, ándale
She know I'm talkin' greasy, I got time today
Get up on your knees and give me all your face
I ain't showered in three days, how my balls taste?
[?]
I done ran up the minutes on her, pimpin' all day
FBJ, I'm still thuggin' through the hallway
CCB card, I hope I get out today
[Chorus: FRosTydaSnowMann]
Bitch, ain't got no dough, mmm, she in last place
Count the cash up in her face, how that bag taste?
Fendi, Louis on, nigga, on a bad day
Wake up, get dressed, bitch, and get a bag today (Get a bag)
Bitch, ain't got no dough, mmm, she in last place
Count the cash up in her face, how that bag taste?
Fendi, Louis on, nigga, on a bad day
Wake up, get dressed, bitch, and get a bag today (Get a bag)
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung OG]
Bitch, I'm activated
I don't want no Tris Pharma, it got a nasty taste
Hundred thou' in dubs, hand-count, it take a half a day
I been actin' stiff with the work, I got a bag to shake
Don't call my head with no number unless you grabbin' weight
Niggas garbage, might as well drop they CDs on trash day
I know somebody gettin' dropped, [?]
If her pops is movin' bricks, I'm tryna see how much daddy'll pay
I'm good in Cali 'cause I fuck with the Gurb nation
Rarely ever sold a zip of soft, I'm a bird weigher
I don't really know how to rap, I'm a word player
Bitch, take me to the Eastside so I can serve Nathan
On the West tryna cop a B, what's the word, P?
Used to sell dope, now I'm a fiend, somebody serve me
I need a pint of Wockhardt and six Perc-15s
Woke up out my sleep and shot the strap, I had the worst dream
[Chorus: FRosTydaSnowMann]
Bitch, ain't got no dough, mmm, she in last place
Count the cash up in her face, how that bag taste?
Fendi, Louis on, nigga, on a bad day
Wake up, get dressed, bitch, and get a bag today (Get a bag)
Bitch, ain't got no dough, mmm, she in last place
Count the cash up in her face, how that bag taste?
Fendi, Louis on, nigga, on a bad day
Wake up, get dressed, bitch, and get a bag today (Get a bag)