[Intro: Rio Da Yung OG]
(
Ooh, Sav killed it
)
What up, Sav?
Ay, what you say, Jay? "Why you do that?"
Okay
[Verse 1: Rio Da Yung OG]
Dope jumping out the pot like it got legs
I just bought Ghost a chop, he a hot head
I bought him a .223, that bitch'll stop a van
Now these niggas calling me like he popped they mans
Boom, exit wound coming out the side his head
Bro, don't call me with that dra— oh, never mind, it's red
Is it Hi-Tech or Akorn? Bro, what kind of red?
Cali fan pulled out a pint, made me sign his red
I whispered in his ear, "Where you find that at?"
Can I get one right now for like nine, ten racks?
If I pay you to fuck, is that minus the neck?
Okay, it is? Well, divide it by six
Alright, now multiply it by six
[Verse 2: YN Jay]
Bitch gon' do whatеver I say like Simon Says
Shooting while thеy playing the game, now Simon's dead
Getting mouth from my pretty bitch, she got the finest head
Why you pouring up that light-ass pop? You got a line of red?
Damn, I dropped an eight of Wock'
Get to shooting at a nigga feet 'til his ankles pop
I just bought a Micro Drac' look like a baby chop
I was 11, I turned 13, because I hate the cops
My young nigga gon' keep using the gun until he break the Glock
[Verse 3: Louie Ray]
Okay, the pussy good, but why it's garglin'?
You was just finna blow me down, how you arguin'?
I was finna pull my pants down, bitch, you started it
A nigga tried to run me down, I was targeted
Forgot what I said, I just freestyled the hardest shit
Running up the cars, [?]
You telling me that old-school I had was my hardest whip?
Okay, you fucked up, now we arguing
[Verse 4: GrindHard E]
Mad Wock', Morton, Tris, all this purple, I'm tryna find some Act'
Rio in this bitch mad as hell tryna find a Black
If your eighthy ain't a hundred, I ain't tryna match it
Paid sixty-five for Vanilla Waferz, where you find that at?
I only want a hundred for the drank, they say I'm tryna tax
Took my fiend ID and debit card 'cause he ain't have no cash
We just smoked the whole 'bow like it's Hash Bash
Told the plug bring me a pound like a hash tax
[Verse 5: Rio Da Yung OG]
Silence on the Glock, this bitch sound like it pass gas
When COVID-19 came around, I wore a gas mask
Last year, me and C had glass, you can ask Ash
We drink it down to the last sip, we don't half-ass
Cash walked out the Perc' house with a Glad bag
E walked out the trap house with a trash bag
I'm skipping out of Somerset with the biggest Saks bag
You got eighteen th— what? You want a half-half?
I'm counting this shit up at 8:30, we in math class
First hour, I got a gun on me, nigga, bag back
I wasn't there to see my kids born, am I a bad dad?
[Verse 6: GrindHard E]
Let a pint of Act' come up missing, I'll kill my mama
Have my twin sisters yelling at me like, "That's still our mama"
Smoke a zip and drink a whole pint just to kill my problems
Stuffed a bitch with pills, the rubber bust, I could've used that condom
The plug can pull up quick as hell, shit, I'm still gon' rob him
I remember cutting lines of drink just to keep two ounces
If I don't sell my nigga no drank, he gon' walk out poutin'
Pharmacy gave me an eight of Act', shit, I walked out shoutin'
[Verse 7: Louie Ray]
Bitch yelling 'bout some shit, so I yelled back louder
Talkin' to me like you crazy, must've sniffed my powder
This some real weed, bro, it's relish green
I fall out with every nigga try to sell us green
That's why he do, but then he don't wanna mail the lean
So much weight inside the car, bro ain't gotta leave
Talking 'bout he need a hoop, ain't even got a fiend
I be picking up the phone like, "What I gotta bring?"
[Verse 8: YN Jay]
I feel like Martin Luther King, but I ain't got no dream
You must do the dope, you ain't got no fiends
I be mad as fuck when I ain't got no lean
How the fuck you ball, but you ain't got no team?
Dirty boogers in the bezel, but the watch is clean
You must got all twenties on you, 'cause the knot was green
My nigga used to serve his daddy, said his pops a fiend
That shit fucked up, but it's life, though
Bitch asked do I know RMC? This one of Mike hoes
What's crazy 'bout it, right now, you're one of my hoes
Fifteen percent'll save you more like GEICO
Drive far as hell out of town, then I fly home
Only feed my pitbull bones, so it bite strong
Damn
[Outro: YN Jay]
You know what I'm sayin'? Like, they can't forget, you know what I'm sayin?
Like, we started all this shit, you know what I'm sayin'?
Like, I ain't braggin', I'm just bein' honest, you know what I'm sayin'?