[Intro: Chev]
(
Reuel, stop playin' with these niggas
)
Man, these niggas really not fuckin' with me
Uh-huh
[Verse 1: Chev]
How I'ma start off? Let me beast the instrumental
Cop a squat while I'm preachin' to the mission
Bought a chopper just for defense, you can picture it
Like Polamalu for the Steelers, intercepted it
Got it poppin' like I'm fiendin' for a pimple
Got your mama followin' me up in a rental (What else?)
With Johnny Rockets, if it's beef, make it official
Beg your pardon, I'ma go and beat you with a pistol
They talkin' 'bout me, when they see me, it be different
But I'm just mindin' all my pieces and my business
So I ain't trippin', they be soundin' like broads
All talk, that's an onomatopoeia of some bitches
Define onomatopoeia, you'll get it
White collar high, re-up on my dividends
Got a ball of hard, I see it as a flip
Even though it's drywall, of course I'm reapin' all the benefits
Walkie-talkie when he speakin', he'll squeal, nigga (What happened?)
I saw a wire in his t-shirt, he for real snitchin'
Out here ballin', got my cleats all in the field
Pick-six, slide to [?] with [?], doin' deals with him
Not talkin' Tommy when I mean that we got Hilfigers
Droppin' boxes when we leavin' out of Sprint with it (Then what?)
Drive to Darby, then I link up with some real niggas (What you doin'?)
Probably politic with [?] to get scammers
Might buy a lot of CPNs and bill them (Then what?)
Then cop an Audemars P 'cause it was simple
'Cause all they want a couple G for the membership
I gotta charge you if you need this other info
White Audi got me speedin' down Central
Line of Wocky and it's bleedin' in my system (What else?)
Went and checked the mail, look, there go my stimmy
So I spent it on my daughter and some V-Bucks for my lil' nigga
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung OG]
Nigga, I ain't get no stimulus
My nigga caught a body in my face, I ain't witness it
Why you keep bringin' up drank if I ain't mention it?
Just bought a house, it ain't have that much space, but the kitchen big
I was finna pour a pint up at my sentencing
With a white booty bitch, ass look like a paranthesis
My nigga sold a brick, then the feds apprehended him
Fuck the South side, I'm never goin' on Fenton again
Ass shots, bitch booty so big, she can't fit in a Benz
I just fucked my young bitch raw and I hit her twin
Ain't nobody get hit with this K, bro, spin again
On the East side with Spud, he keep tellin' me to spin the bend
I'm with a coldhearted killer, he'll kill a kid
I know a broke thirsty nigga, he'll steal your fridge
Call CPS, this bitch swallowin', tryna steal my kids
Y'all niggas ain't gettin' no money, I can see your ribs
Lil' bro got the toaster oven, he'll grill a pig
Bitch grown, but she joke too much, she still a kid
I can pull dog shit out all day, it's limitless
Just cut into my bougie white bitch, let's get intimate