[Intro: Lil Pump]
Pull your titties out, give me some inspiration (Ooh)
Drink a whole pint, got some education (Ahh)
Huh?
Thank You Fizzle
[Verse 1: Lil Pump & 
Desto Dubb
]
Pull my choppa out the closet, I think that he gay (Huh?)
Brought my guns to the party, I’m ready to play (Doo-doo-doo-doo)
I don’t wanna hear it, bitch, come here, give me face (Come here)
AK, HK, you could die today (Aye)
You let me out of jail, you let a lion out the cage (Huh?)
I been high for days (Ooh), I been high for days (Uh)
If she's not an eater, don’t let that bitch through the gate (No way)
I’m ready to rage (Uh), I put molly in the cake
God damn, she just sucked the soul out of me (Huh?)
I might bring this bitch with me to Miami beach (
Fizzle
, yeah)
I got ten different hoes in the Airbnb (
Fizzle
, hey)
She got double D’s, ooh, she wanna fuck on me (Ooh)
[Verse 2: Desto Dubb & 
Lil Pump
]
I ain't hear my watch and it look like a gecko (Bling)
You a broke nigga and you still rockin' [?] (Woah)
House so big, when I sneeze, it make an echo (Echo)
Nutted on her face, I ain't know she had freckles (Come on, 
hey
)
I just got a ticket 'cause my diamonds keep fightin'
They ran out of salmon, so a nigga eatin' whiting (Skrrt)
A nigga off a bean when I'm walkin' like I'm glidin' ([?])
I don't need these diamonds and a nigga still shinin'
[Verse 3: Rio Da Yung OG]
You know I'm a Hi-Tech monster (Hurr)
So many dirty Sprites, at this point I need a sponsor (Come on)
Twenty-five hoes in the crib I got a roster (Line up)
Leanin' so much, I think this shit fucked up my posture (I'm leanin')
Aww, shit, I linked up with Pump and Desto (Aww, shit)
Pistol grip pump, why the fuck you got a vest on? (Boom)
Takin' hits in the mail, for ten bands your head gone (Yeah)
Now I'm shootin' for the Bucks, I'm Eric Bledsoe (Get it?)
[Verse 4: Lil Pump]
How you got ten cars, but no license? (How?)
I just ran through five hoes, I'm not wifin' (Wow)
I'm a rockstar, I stay on Star Island (Huh?)
Told her she could lick it, but I told her not to bite it
Des-Desto don't stress hoes (Uh)
If I tell him let go, he gon' let go (Doo-doo-doo)
How you flexin' with that whip and it's not yours? (Brr)
I got our lil' homie shoot you for some concords (Bow, bah)
[Verse 5: Desto Dubb]
Sippin' out the bottle, use the soda just to trace it (Skrrt)
I got so high, I think I went into the matrix
I went to Icebox and paid four thousand for a bracelet (Need it)
I was a broke ass nigga, I couldn't buy it, so I made it
You got a Wockhardt pint, you a bitch so I'ma take it (Yeah)
The nigga K raw, I even let the nigga taste it
He was short on his payment, fucked his sister in a basement (Hoo)
I was sellin' fake drugs in the club like I'm Jamaican (Bomboclaat)
[Verse 6: Rio Da Yung OG]
I got a fake Act pint, I just made it
Charged the nigga eighty-five-hundred and he paid it (Damn)
Press a fake brick and sell it, wholesale for eighty (Yeah)
Bout to drop a glass pint of red, but I won't break it (Get it?)
I'm drinkin' Alpharma, now you probably think I'm cappin' (On God)
This bitch twelve years old, this gettin' kinda nasty
I been talkin' shit six months straight, my voice kinda raspy
Dope fiend, my nigga got some Act, I'm finna fly to Cali (I'm gone)
[Verse 7: Lil Pump]
Gucci, Louis V and Christian Dior (Ooh)
I buy everything that you can't afford (Yeah)
Baguettes on my neck, that's why I thank the lord (I thank him)
Fuck a bitch and pass her back, now that bitch is yours