[Verse: Rio Da Yung OG]
I just poured a four, found a pint, then redid it, yeahhh
I just poured a four, found a pint, then redid it
Drop a nigga in G.R., they thought Grease did it
Hit a nigga with the R, and leave a crease in him
Bitch pussy was so good, I left skeet in her
Fourty dollars for a perc, [?]
Eighteen oz o' purp i don't drink liquor
Extra large hoodie on, with two heats in it
Man these R.P. thirtys [?]
Tell my shooter better not close his eyes, don't even blink with it
Tryna pick this bitch up and beat her down, got me weak-winded
Caught a nigga slippin' Friday night, then his week ended
Just know a million dollars in the club, you see we in it
Naw i mеan, you see me in it
Muddy ass mountain dew, look like pee in it
Summеrtime on stockdale and the [?]
I ain't talking 'bout no fucking scat pack, but Bentley [?]
Look at my closet, Dio, Chanel, big B's in it
If you see me with a pair of Jordans on, they #1350
Shot the party up with thirteen smithies
Finna grab this drink for my old head he want three sixty
Shit for a whole eight
I don't gotta say shit, my name hold weight
How much your Rose Gold rope weigh?
I was sellin' twenty eight grams that's just an old yay
Just got down on the [?]
[?]
Ass jiggling everywhere, that's how I know it's fake
I'm Harlem shaking on a bag, till my shoulder break
I got some dog strong as hell it got a vertebrate
Tizzle just passed out quick, he just drunk a Ninja Turtle [?]
Dead on arrival, I murder drank
I need head on arrival when I pull up in that purple thang
Bitch, me and the Mike best duo out since Turk and Wayne
I got a bad eastside bitch wanna go to Bora Bora
But bitch, I'm a felon, I can't step a foot cross the border
Put twenty racks out at the store and I just bought a water
I got bored went and bought a charger, your nigga bought a quarter
Baby, we not in the same tax bracket
Heavy ass Rio piece on got my back cracking
I got too much money for a pocket, imma backpack it
I still got them hundreds that I got [?] I'm a stack stacker
Backback boys wit the weed, don't you see the logo?
Talking 'bout you putting that shit on, if you got on polo
Now a days niggas talk too much
 so im riding solo
I got a K with me, a pint o' eight with me, a hundred so I'm riding [?]
Flash the Canon in a nigga face I ain't taking photos
That lil money you been bringing out 
i bin gave the hobos
Take a chunk out a nigga head, when I spray the .44
Baby, this a Maserati truck, this ain't a Volvo
My bitch fucked a broke nigga, but I ain't stressin
But I still Will still hit you with the Smith, I am legend
Bitch, turn the lights back off, I am naked
But I got a few things to say to you, if you got a second
Got bored with the dog should've went and bought a leopard
One nigga got two pints, but I bought 'em separate
Flashed out on the drank plug, one day I caught him stretchin
Why the fuck do you got K-roll syrup in your Camry
You been cuttin' me?
Woke up with a bitch high as fuck, like, you been fucking me?
Hundred used to be the goal, now that ain't nothing to me
Alright bitch, I know I smell good, but stop touching me
Dropping boddies out of foreign cars, we kill in luxury
Police thought they got a big lick, it was nothing but weed
Bitch your nigga not rich, stop fronting to me
Eleven, twelve hundred dollars, just to get something to eat
We some rich niggas, if you see me in the mall, i got a stick with me
If you see me in the club, got a stick with me
But I ain't scared, I'll put these motherfucking hands on a big nigga
I'll fight a tall nigga, or a small nigga
The four five that I got hit all niggas
[outro]
Man, yall trippin
Talm bout I ain't the goat what y'all missing
Sayin nigga Rio broke what y'all sippin?
Y'all niggas
 ain't-
Nigga got into it wit ten niggas now they all missing
Took, took 'em off it-
Look, I can keep going too with the beat off
Nigga, imma go ahead and cut it cuz y'all-
Yeah, bitch pussy stank got my meat soft
Ooh, I'm prolly in the hood gettin' G's off
Hundred thousand dollars on me you can still buy a G of raw
G start rawin on the jeans when I'm cleaning up
Nigga I'm-
Amiris