[Intro: YN Jay]
(
Ooh, Sav killed it
)
Sav, man, why you do that, man?
Ayy, you can thank me later
[Verse 1: YN Jay]
Got the head from your bitch, she tried to make me pay her
They say I'm the leader of my hood, they tried to make me mayor
Told bro put that weed out, it ain't got no flavor
Bustin' crack down with my nails, I ain't got no razor
How the fuck you blowin' smoke? You ain't got no vapor
I'll hit a nigga with a beam, it ain't got no laser
I can move the bag in Las Vegas, I am not no Raider
Trappin' on the street full of bandos, I don't got no neighbors
I be sellin' brown like Orlando, do you want a tester?
Nigga told me he got Sherblato, but it wasn't pressure
I can tell it wasn't straight drop, it had a different texture
Hit a lick, they in the wrong spot, it's in a different dresser
I don't want no chicken tender, it ain't come from Chesters
All these clips, I could shoot a movie, I think I need directors
Drac' got a beam with a light, it look like projectors
Pint of Wock' in a two-liter, it taste like medicine
[Verse 2: Rio Da Yung OG]
Hit a white bitch, didn't know her name, she look like a Jessica
I'm a good-ass sipper, I need red, I don't want no yellow
Bought my bitch a pair of glass slippers, call her Cinderella
Told my fiend he got to buy a sample, I don't give out testers
Beat him in his head with the gun, I don't need no bullets
Had to tell Ghost calm down, 'cause he be on bullshit
Told Jay let's put a play together, say he need some dog shit
You ain't really got no pape', nigga, that's your dawg shit
Nigga pulled up with ten pints, do you think I bought 'em?
Nigga tryna scrap, but I'm strapped, do you think I fought him?
Plug threw a bag, I ran off, do you think I caught him?
Told him I ain't get the box he sent, do you think I caught it?
Somebody died in my hood, do you think I did it?
Fell asleep naked with a bitch, I don't think I hit her
My bitch left a couple months ago, do you think I miss her?
Just hit a bitch and cut into her friend, but I think they sisters
Her baby daddy got some money, but I think I'm richer
Made a twenty ball and put it up, I ain't take no pictures
Tryna do some shit, I got my son, I need a babysitter
Pull up on a bitch, she let me fuck, I blew an eighthy with her
[Verse 3: YN Jay]
Pull up on the bitch, she wanna fuck, I told her make me dinner
Bitch tried to raise her voice at me, almost made me hit her
Nigga told me I can't fuck his bitch, almost made me hit her
Bitch tried to key my car and run, almost made me hit her
[Verse 4: Rio Da Yung OG]
She stole some money out my pocket, tried to play the victim
Blamed the shit on her friend I hit, almost made me kill her
Bitch sucked my dick and kept the nut, she a baby stealer
I ain't tryna beef, extort niggas, make 'em pay me chicken
[Outro: Rio Da Yung OG]
Yeah, yeah
What you tell them, Jay?
You can thank me later
Alright