[Intro]
(
It's a Wayne beat
)
What up, Wayne?
You know, you know, you know
(
Is this K. Dinero?
)
That's degrees, nigga, yeah
[Verse]
Where my cup at? Where my Black at?
I heard the opps finna slide, where my strap at?
Who got some real drank? Where the Act' at?
You want— what?
You want eight thousand for a pint? I'm finna grab that
Don't pull up with no thirty-six on and get laughed at
The rap game was payin' me good, I'm bringin' crack back
Matter fact, you niggas ass, I'm bringin' rap back
Yeah, I'm in my black bag, I mean my trash bag
You know I gotta put Boyz in every hashtag
Good dope, my fiend hit it, did the cabbage patch
I be stretchin' work out like a Laffy Taffy
My mama did everything, I ain't have a daddy
I start yellin' in the booth to wake Water up, he ain't have an Addy
You be hittin' hoes on they period, you nasty nasty
I just poured a three of Wock', man, this shit delicious
I know I keep talkin' 'bout the drank, but you don't get it
I'm a fuckin' dopehead, bro, I'm so addicted
And I never put it down, I'm so committed
Yes, I fucked her if you asked, I'm open with it
Fast talkin', I don't think lotion slicker
I got a huge heart, I don't think the ocean bigger
Too many people in the club, I know COVID in it
Take a nigga gun off his hip, then smoke him with it
So many blues on me, I'm a Rollin' 60
My lil' brother in a wheelchair, but still rollin' with me
Told my son he can't hit this juice, I put my potion in it
Hittin' your bitch with a lot of motion, I be strokin' different
Spreadin' hoes' legs wide open, I be pokin' kidneys
If the opp drop a hundred shots, I hope he hit me
I ain't let the police search my car, dope was in it
Seventy-thousand-dollar kit, last year, was broke
This year, I made 200K legit, last year, was dope
I ain't have shit, nigga, we was even lackin' hope
Put a hundred K on the table, I'll whack the Pope
Tryna sign a deal with QC, let me ask Lil Boat
Just gave my lil' bitch 10K, she ain't have to want it
Weighed up a quarter on the scale and crack been on it
I ain't get my gun in here tonight, I'ma have to poke you
If you ain't never taste the Act', you don't need to drink
Just cut the beat on and let me rap, I don't need to think
Just hit another project bitch raw, now my weewee stink
I just drunk a lot of Act', I think my pee-pee pink
My PO called me the other day like, "What do keke mean?"
I served my auntie two T's, that what TT mean
Hit him up top real close, I didn't need a beam
DistroKid pay me every month, I don't need a fiend
Bitch, I got a pint of Wock', you can keep your green
When I ain't got no codeine in me, I'm Deebo mean
When I ate, I made sure my niggas ate, you ain't feed your team
Them eighteens, not twenty-twos, but I keep 'em clean, nigga
Ghetto Boyz shit, nigga