[Intro]
Who made this?
This bitch hard as hell
Alright
Let me see that thirty right there
[Verse]
Ooh, I finally got the itch I'm lookin' for
Move, bitch, don't get too close, four-nickel blow
Real drankhead, dropped a deuce of Wock' and had to lick the floor
E, where the drank? He talkin' 'bout he don't bust scripts no more
E, where the fuck is the drank at?
Forty-eight hundred for a pint, I can pay that
Nowadays, niggas cuttin' lean, let me weigh that
They ask me why I'm always in Flint, that's where I stay at
Crowd of niggas tried to jump on me, where my K at?
Yeah, it's with a K, dumbass
He thought he bought a twelve, but it's just an eight, dumbass
The opps should've been some running backs 'cause they run fast
In a 750 Bimmer, red seats with the run-flats
Make the shotty feel automatic 'cause I pump fast
Honestly, I need the Percocets 'cause I fuck fast
You'd probably cut some green with your bum ass
I'll probably hit the scene with a hun' cash
I just counted seventy racks up with my son cash
Bitch, back up, you can't get no dick with your drunk ass
Make a nigga turn into flash when the gun flash
Retarded-ass boy, you was probably in that one class
This a 550 Benz, that's a 4Matic
Fiend only had twelve dollars, I threw the dope at him
I probably got some Wockhardt, you see me at [?]
Ugly nigga, hundred K in jewelry on and my fro nappy
See? I can say the same shit and switch it up
Caught him at the mall, up the stick, he start bitchin' up
Skub was sleep, then we bumped into some opps, he start gettin' up
So much Wock', it taste like I just poured a pint of liquor up
Crop that nigga out that flick, he fucked my picture up
I'm a fiend, I see you itchin', I'ma think you took a Percocet
Fuck the blues, I think the RP-30s work the best
Unc smoke Swishers, but the weed he got'll hurt your chest
I'm a pro at drinkin' Hi-Tech and I can work the TEC
Oh, you was was goin' to the store to get some 'Woods? Bring a Squirt back
I make money off of rap, but I might bring sellin' work back
Made a hundred racks in the Chi and I can merch that
I pray to God they bring some Actavis cough syrup back
You cannot trust any bitch, I had to learn that
Four-nick spit and burn a nigga top, I can perm that
Why sign a deal for a half a mil' when I can earn that?
Just cooked a zip of butter, I gotta churn that
Now I'm in Baton Rouge askin' niggas where the sherm at
I need a dirty project bitch, where a germ at?
Oh, you dropped a mixtape? I ain't heard that
I had a bad bitch, but had to cut her off, she take birdbaths
Smokey ran off with a zip, where Big Worm at?
Smoke you while I'm chillin' with my bitch, you took a dirt nap
I think I'm tryna buy a dog, call Curt back
Nigga, I do not want no green, where the purp' at?
Fuck it, I'll drink some plain promethazine, where a Perc' at?
Baby, I'm tryna fuck in church, wear a skirt, bet
Don't pull your pussy out when I'm off Percs, I'll hurt that
Pull a Stupid Dog beat up, I'll murk that
Nigga got some skinny-ass jeans, but his shirt fat
All-white Off-White jeans, but the shirt black
Hold on, cut the beat off, bro, you heard that?
Oh, I thought a nigga tried to kick the door down
Fuck the inside of the crib up with the four-pound
Compressor on the chop, it don't make no sound
You can't even hold your titties up, how you gon' hold me down?
Bitch, put the pussy up and come blow me down
I don't sell dope, but I rap and it's some 'bows around
I can't believe you cuffed her, she a throw-around
You the type of nigga come around askin' is some hoes around? Nigga