[Intro: Rio Da Yung OG]
What the fuck?
Wow, it's no way, wow
(
Ooh, shit, that's a Danny G beat
)
Shit!
I'm just a lil' Flint nigga, nigga, got 'em like, alright
(
Damn, Machu, why'd you have to do 'em like that?
)
[Verse 1: GrindHard E]
Wow, I got all the hoes sayin' that
How do you make two hundred grand fast?
Now, bitch, get here before I beat yo' ass
Baow, I'll sleep yo' ass
Wow, wow
Hit him in his head, he ain't even get to say "Ouch"
Set a nigga down without a couch
What the fuck they got goin' on?
Them Flint niggas goin' crazy on every song
Three hundred features in and I'm still goin'
Four pints in and I'm still pourin'
That's in one night
Nigga, bring ten O's and bring one Sprite
Petty-ass sippers, I don't drink light
Before you throw a shot at me, you better think twicе
Switch on a Glock that could've gone beforе I blinked twice
Oh, your daddy was a plug? That must be nice
On the eastside, buyin' Perc' 30s from Denize
How the fuck you shootin' pills out of town and you ain't been to the V twice?
[Verse 2: GrindHard E]
Nothin' that I sell ain't at a cheap price
I'll fuck all of your hoes, you better be nice
On some dumb shit, I got—
On some dumb shit, I got caught with my heat twice
My nigga got a pint of Wock', he sellin' his, but I'ma keep mine
When I got shot, I told my mama, "I'ma be fine"
This-This-This weed that I got from A1 hittin' harder than a nigga on the D-line
Life movin' fast forward, wish that I could rewind
Went to Hutch, about to drop a Rollie just to freeze time
All my clientele got my number up on speed dial
I might take my nigga fiend, but that'd be foul
Ten bitches, it just me and Ri', that'll be wild
Put a sign on the door that say keep out
Damn, we got a lot of shit to do, fuck, we out
[Verse 3: Rio Da Yung OG]
Shit, we got the backend, we could be out
Twelve years old, I was fuckin' in a treehouse
Ain't no lean hit the floor, but we just poured a lil' three out
Don't make me go into my duffle bag and pull a E out
Walkin' on a cashmere rug with my feet out
Hit a nigga in his artery and watch him bleed out
I was blind when I was broke, had no vision, I can see now
The drank had my appetite fucked up, I can eat now
I think I'm finally done with the drank, it been a week now
[Verse 4: GrindHard E]
Had to explain every time I talked to her, she was senile
Old lady used to sell the Vics to me for three dollars
I get everything for the low, I'ma be honest
Four pockets full, Lil Baby, I got deep pockets
They try to shit-talk like us, I call it re-rockin'
'Cause we got straight drop if you think 'bout it
Fiend wanted a dime, but the bitch only had three dollars
What the fuck I'ma do with that?
Chilled with her twice, now this bitch gettin' too attached
Leave a nigga shit on the pavement, this a dookie-strap
Rest in peace my nigga, I wish I could bring Buddah back
Ain't got my strap, I just seen the opps, where the fuck Scooter at?
Like, I ain't worried 'bout 'em
I got bitches breakin' they necks when they see my chain
Yeah, they like, "Who is that?"
Just got a twenty-ounce Sprite, I put a two in that
I'ma smoke a nigga if they shoot at me, fuck shootin' back
[Verse 5: Rio Da Yung OG]
Them pussy niggas tried to shit on me, now I'm pootin' back
The mic too close to the interface, bro, scoot it back
Tryna get this one lil' nigga dropped, E, where duder at?